================================================================================
DOCUMENT: RFP_780.pdf  (33 pages)
================================================================================

--- Page 1 ---
Request for Proposal (RFP)
for
Empanelment of
Independent
1.Sr. Road Safety Auditor &
Team leader
2. Road Safety Assistant
for NHAI Projects
National Highways Authority of India
(Ministry of Road Transport & Highways)
Government of India
March 2026
1

--- Page 2 ---
Contents
NOTICE FOR EMPANELMENT OF SR. ROAD SAFETY AUDITOR & ROAD SAFETY ASSISTANT………….03
GENERAL INFORMATION………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………05
TERMS OF REFERENCE…………………………………………………………………………………………………………………12
Methodology to be adopted by Safety Auditor……………………………………………………………………………..18
Deliverables and Payment Schedule…………………………………………………………………………………………….23
Appendix-A…………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………..25
ANNEXURE-I…………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………….27
ANNEXURE-II………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………....29
ANNEXURE-III…………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………….…..30
ANNEXURE-IV…………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………….…..31
ANNEXURE-V…………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………….…..32
ANNEXURE-VI…………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………….….33
2

--- Page 3 ---
Notice for Empanelment of “Sr. Road Safety Auditor & Team Leader” and “Road Safety
Assistant”
1. The National Highways Authority of India (NHAI or the “Authority”) invites
applications from the interested “Sr. Road Safety Auditor & Team Leader” and “Road
Safety Assistant” for Empanelment as Sr. Road Safety Auditor & Road Safety Assistant
for carrying out road safety audit of the project highway in accordance with the
safety requirements set forth in Schedule – L of the Model Concession Agreement
(MCA) of the public private partnership (PPP)/ Hybrid Annuity Model (HAM) projects
on Design, Build, Finance, Operate and Transfer (DBFOT) basis and Schedule – H of
the Model Concession Agreement (MCA) of the Operation & Maintenance (OMT)/TOT
projects and Clause 10.1 of model EPC Agreement along with any other provisions as
stipulated in the above mentioned agreements.
2. Interested Applicants before submitting the proposal shall mandatorily register
themselves with the National Portal for Infrastructure Consultancy Firms & Key
Personnel, i.e., ‘INFRACON’ at www.infracon.nic.in along with the credentials and
CVs of Personnel uploaded on the INFRACON site. The copy of credentials of
INFRACON CVs are to be included with the application.
3. The applicant may download the documents for Empanelment of “Sr. Road Safety
Auditor & Team Leader” and “Road Safety Assistant” from NHAI website, i.e.,
https://www.nhai.gov.in. The applicant shall be required to submit, along with
application form, a non-refundable fee of INR 5,000 (Rupees Five Thousand only) by
way of online payment only (payment through other modes shall not be
accepted), in favor of “National Highways Authority of India” in Current Account
no. 8598201005819, IFSC – CNRB0008598 maintained with Canara Bank
Extension, NHAI, Sector-10, Dwarka, New Delhi-110075, with payment remark of
“Application Fee towards Empanelment of Sr. Road Safety Auditor & Team Leader
and Road Safety Assistant” separately. The online payment receipt shall be
submitted along with the submission of application form.
4. NHAI shall not be responsible for any delay, loss or non-receipt of documents for
Empanelment of “Sr. Road Safety Auditor & Team Leader” and “Road Safety
Assistant” sent by post / courier. The application form can be submitted by hand at
the office of NHAI, HQ Old Building, Plot No G-5&6, Sector-10, Dwarka, New Delhi-
110075. Further, NHAI shall not be responsible for any delay in receiving the
Applications and reserves the right to accept / reject any or all applications without
assigning any reason thereof.
5. The document for Empanelment of independent “Sr Road safety Auditor & Team
Leader” and “Road Safety Assistant”, downloaded from NHAI Website, contains brief
information about requirements and process regarding Empanelment.
6. Further, Application can be downloaded from NHAI Website
https://www.nhai.gov.in. and submitted (hardbound copy) by post/ Courier/ By
Hand on or before scheduled date of submission with all pages numbered serially,
along with an index of submission. Applicants are requested to submit the
information exactly in the form or format prescribed in the document for
Empanelment of “Sr. Road Safety Auditor & Team Leader” and “Road Safety
Assistant”, failing which NHAI may evaluate the application to the best of its
interpretation, the decision of the Authority shall be final and binding in this regard.
In the event of any of the instructions mentioned herein have not been adhered to,
NHAI will reject the Application. Applications submitted physically shall not be
considered. Successful Applicants shall be asked to submit originals of all
documents after declaration of preliminary evaluation results by the Authority.
The status of Responsiveness and/or qualification done on basis of documents
submitted along with applications and if required verification of the original
documents can be undertaken.
3

--- Page 4 ---
7. The submission of the Application for Empanelment of “Sr. Road Safety Auditor &
Team Leader” and “Road Safety Assistant” may be made in the manner specified in
the document, at the address given below on or before the due date and time of
submission specified in the document on all working days.
8. The Applicants once empaneled shall remain valid for five years or till such time they
continue to satisfy the terms & conditions of this Empanelment and there is no
material change from their respective Empanelment proposal, whichever is earlier.
9. Applicant shall submit NOC from their current Employer/Firm for submitting their
application.
10. Applicant shall also give undertaking from their Employer/Firm that applicant will
be available for conducting Road Safety Assignment whenever assigned by NHAI.
11. Submission Schedule
Date of invitation of Application 11.03.2026 (Proposed)
Deadline for submission of Application 07.04.2026 (Proposed)
(Due date and Time):
N.B.: - This Empanelment of “Sr. Road Safety Auditor & Team Leader” and “Road
Safety Assistant” is being carried out in accordance with the roster mechanism.
All Applicants may apply for this Empanelment to be eligible for award of road
safety audit work as independent “Sr. Road Safety Auditor & Team Leader” and
“Road Safety Assistant” based on this selection process.
General Manager (Tech.)
Road Safety Division
National Highways Authority of India
G-5 & 6, Sector-10, Dwarka, New Delhi-110 075
Tele: 011-25074100/200/extn.1512
Email: arkale@nhai.org
****
4

--- Page 5 ---
NATIONAL HIGHWAYS AUTHORITY OF INDIA
APPLICATION FOR EMPANELMENT OF “SR. ROAD SAFETY AUDITOR & TEAM
LEADER” AND “ROAD SAFETY ASSISTANT” FOR NHAI PROJECTS
General Information
1. The Government of India has entrusted to the National Highways Authority of India
(NHAI) the responsibility for the development, maintenance and management of
about 77,358 km of National Highways including the task of ensuring road safety
which is of paramount importance. The Government has directed NHAI for taking
engineering measures to ensure the safety of road users on the National Highways.
With this objective, NHAI intends to invite applications from the interested Personnel
for Empanelment as Sr. Road Safety Auditor & Road Safety Assistant for carrying out
safety audit of the project highways at various stages like Detailed Project Report
Stage, Development/Design Stage, Construction stage, Pre-opening stage and
Operation & Maintenance stage in accordance with the safety requirements set forth
in Schedule – L of the Model Concession Agreement (MCA) of the PPP/HAM projects
on Design, Build, Finance, Operate and Transfer (DBFOT) basis and Schedule – H of
the Model Concession Agreement (MCA) of the Operation and Maintenance (OMT)/ TOT
projects and Clause 10.1 of EPC Agreement, O&M Agreement & Item Rate contracts
along with any other provisions as stipulated in the relevant agreements as per the
roster to be prepared by NHAI after Empanelment.
2. The PPP projects on DBFOT / HAM/ EPC basis basically constitute up-gradation
involving construction of 2/4/6-lane highway including bridges and tunnels; widening
and rehabilitation of bridges and culverts; construction of high embankment/
elevated structures/ ROBs/RUBs/VUPs/LVUPs/PUPs/CUPs, wayside amenities etc.
along the existing highways including provision of realignment and bypasses.
Similarly, OMT projects constitute operation and maintenance of 2/4/6 – lane
highway including bridges and tunnels. The construction works under such projects
involve use of modern equipment and construction practices / techniques. As per
the terms and conditions of the Concession Agreement(s), the Concessionaires are
required to develop, implement and administer a surveillance and safety programme
for providing a safe environment on or around the Project Highway and or comply
with the safety requirements set forth in Schedule – L of DBFOT/ HAM Agreements
and Clause 10.1.5 & 10.1.6 of EPC Agreement and Schedule – H of OMT/ TOT
Agreement in development, construction, operation &maintenance phases of a
Project. However, the safety audit work shall be carried out as per
IRC/NHAI/MoRT&H guidelines.
3. The personnel shall apply as an individual as a Sr. Road Safety Auditor or Road Safety
Assistant.
4. The personnel who have been debarred by MoRT&H or any of its implementing
agencies including NHAI and the debarment is in force as on the date of application,
need not apply as their application shall not be entertained.
5. This RFP/ Empanelment document is neither an agreement nor an offer by the NHAI
to the prospective applicants or any other person. The purpose of this is to provide
interested personnel with information that may be useful to them in the formulation
of their application. Each applicant should, therefore, conduct its own assessment
5

--- Page 6 ---
about the assignment before submitting the application.
6. Please note that:
(i) The cost of preparing the application/proposal shall not be reimbursable as a
direct cost of assignment; and
(ii) NHAI is not bound to accept any of the application/proposal received by it and
reserves the right to annul the selection process at any time prior to
Empanelment, without assigning any reason thereof and shall not be liable for
any expenditure incurred by the applicants.
7. In order to avoid conflict of interest, any personnel associated with the
Concessionaire/Contractor of any of the project highway as its Design Consultant and
/ or Construction Supervision Consultant/Independent Engineer/Authority Engineer
shall not be eligible to carry out road safety audit for the same project.
8. Those personnel who were engaged by NHAI/MoRT&H for any project as Design
Consultants for preparation of Detailed Project Reports or Supervision Independent
Engineer or Consultant shall not be eligible for the same project, even after
Empanelment.
9. The personnel have an obligation to disclose any such situation factual or potential
conflict that impacts their capacity to serve the best interest of NHAI, or that may
reasonably be perceived as having this effect. Failure to disclose said situations may
lead to disqualification/dis-empanelment of the personnel or the termination of its
Contract and/ or any other action as deemed fit by NHAI at any stage.
10. It is NHAI’s policy that the personnel observe the highest standard of ethics during
the selection and execution of such contracts, if assigned work on the basis of roster
prepared adopting random sampling after Empanelment. In pursuance of this policy,
the NHAI:
(a) Defines, for the purpose of this paragraph, the terms set forth below as follows:
(i) “Corrupt practice” means the offering, giving, receiving, or soliciting,
directly or indirectly, anything of value to influence the action of a public
official in the selection process or in contract execution;
(ii) “Fraudulent practice” means a misrepresentation or omission of facts in order
to influence a selection process or the execution of a contract:
(iii) “Collusive practices” means a scheme or arrangement between two or more
consultants with or without the knowledge of the Client, designed to establish
prices at artificial, non-competitive levels;
(iv) “Coercive practices” means harming or threatening to harm, directly or
indirectly, persons or their property to influence their participation in a
procurement process, or affect the execution of a contract.
(b) Will reject an application for Empanelment, if it determines that the
personnel recommended for award has, directly or through an agent, engaged
in corrupt, fraudulent, collusive or coercive practices in competing for the
contract in question;
(c) Will declare an applicant ineligible, either indefinitely or for a stated period of
time to be empaneled if at any time it determines that the firm has engaged
in corrupt or fraudulent practices in competing for, or in executing, a
contract; and
(d) Will have the right to include a provision requiring consultants to permit the
6

--- Page 7 ---
NHAI to inspect their accounts and records relating to the performance of the
contract and to have them audited by authorized representatives of NHAI.
11. Applicant shall not be under a declaration of ineligibility for corrupt and fraudulent
practices. Furthermore, the personnel shall be aware of the provisions on fraud and
corruption as stated above.
12. At any time before the submission of application, NHAI may for any reason, whether
at its own initiative or in response to a clarification requested by personnel, modify
the documents by amendment. Any amendment shall be issued as Addendum and
would be hosted on NHAI Website/ e-tender portal, which will be binding on them.
NHAI may at its discretion extend the deadline for submission of the proposal.
13.1 The applicants shall not submit more than one application for the individual. The Name
of bank, date of payment, transaction number etc. should be clearly visible in the receipt.
The application form without proof of payment of application fee will be rejected without
any intimation.
13.2 Submission of application: An Applicant can submit only one application for the
position listed at Para 15.1. The hard bound application form along with requisite
enclosures are to be submitted by Post/ Courier/ By Hand on dispatch section following
address on or before the date of submission of application:
The General manager (Tech.)
Road Safety Division
National Highways Authority of India
G-5 & 6, Sector-10, Dwarka, New Delhi-110 075
Tele: 011-25074100/200/extn.1512
Email: arkale@nhai.org
a) An applicant shall download the form from NHAI website and prepare application
duly filled as per RFP, complete in all respects.
b) The applicant shall also enclose with application, details of payment.
14. ACCESSING OF APPLICATION FORM FOR EMPANELMENT:
To participate in the empaneling process, it is mandatory for the applicant:
a. To apply in the prescribed application form only. The application form along with
document can be downloaded from NHAI website https://www.nhai.gov.in.
b. The application shall be submitted in English language and all correspondence shall
be in the same language.
c. Interested Applicants shall register themselves with the National Portal for
Infrastructure Consultancy Firms & Key Personnel, i.e., ‘INFRACON’ at
www.infracon.nic.in along with the credentials uploaded on the INFRACON site. The
copy of INFRACON CVs is to be included with the application.
d. Each page of the application form should be signed by the applicant. Application
should be submitted online only with all pages sequentially numbered at the bottom
right-hand corner of each page, e.g., by writing page 1 of 10 on page 1, if total pages
are 10.
e. The amendments/ clarifications related to the Empanelment, if any, will be hosted
on the NHAI Website.
7

--- Page 8 ---
f. NHAI shall not be responsible for any delay, damage, loss or non-submission of
application before application due date. Incomplete applications shall be rejected
without any intimation. Further, NHAI reserves the right to accept/ reject any or all
applications without assigning any reason thereof.
g. The applicants selected for Empanelment will be intimated by post/email and the
same shall also be hosted on the website.
h. Only empaneled applicants shall be allotted the work/assignment as per the roster
prepared by NHAI and pursuant to the submission of requisite documents as annexed
with the RFP. The payment of services of Safety Audit to be allotted will be on the
basis of fixed rates. (Excluding GST) as per payment Schedule given in the RFP.
15. Eligibility Requirement:
15.1 The applicants should demonstrate experience in review of road/ bridge projects
designs from safety consideration and conducting safety audits of on-going road projects/
work zone safety audit/ Traffic Planning etc.
Qualification and Competence of the applicant:
(i) Sr. Road Safety Auditor-cum-Team Leader
Essential Qualifications:
a. Graduate in Civil Engineering from Recognized University.
b. Minimum 10 years of experience (from the month of graduation) in highway sector
in position associated with preparation of DPR/ Supervision/ Construction/
Safety Audit/ Work Zone Safety / Traffic Planning of 2/4/6/8-lane
Expressway/National Highway/State Highway projects.
c. 15 days Road Safety Audit Training Certificate from IIT/NIT/CRRI/NATPAC
(National Transportation Planning and Research Centre, Kerala) prior to
12.01.2023 or IAHE;
d. Have a minimum of three years practical experience in Road Safety Audit at
DPR/Construction/Operation & Maintenance stage.
e. Experience in at-least Five Road Safety Audits. At least Three of the Five
Safety Audits must be at a design stage.
f. The age shall not be more than 70 years.
(ii) Road Safety Assistant
Essential Qualifications:
i. Graduate in Civil Engineering from recognized University.
ii. Minimum experience of 2 years (from the month of graduation) in highway projects
associated with preparation of DPR/ Supervision/ Construction/Safety
audit/Work zone safety/Traffic Planning of 2/4/6/8 lane Expressway/National
Highway/State highway projects.
iii. 15 days Road Safety Audit Training Certificate from IIT/NIT/CRRI/NATPAC
(National Transportation Planning and Research Centre, Kerala) prior to
12.01.2023 or IAHE;
iv. The age shall not be more than 35 years.
15.2 The applicant shall furnish the following details
A) For evaluation of CVs of Applicant for this Empanelment, copies of CVs as
8

--- Page 9 ---
extracted from INFRACON website shall be submitted; CVs other than these shall
not be evaluated. CVs extracted from INFRACON portal must be “VERIFIED” on or
before date of submission of application. CVs shall also include all supporting
documents. In absence of supporting documents, the Authority shall evaluate the
application to the best of its interpretation. The decision of the Authority shall be
final and binding in this regard. CVs must be duly signed by applicant.
B) The applications not complying with the above-mentioned stipulations and
found to be deficient in any respect shall be summarily rejected without any
intimation.
C) Applicants should note that only authenticated information should be provided
in the application format. Information provided by the applicant will be
verified and if any of the information provided by the applicant is found
incorrect/false, then it may lead to rejection of application summarily at any
stage even after empanelment or award of work. Applicants submitting
false/incorrect information or suppressing the information shall be debarred
from empanelment of NHAI for up to 2 (two) years and shall not be eligible to
participate in empaneling in NHAI and MoRT&H or any of its implementing
agencies including NHAI.
D) Application should be submitted online only on e-tender portal
https://etenders.gov.in (as per NHAI circular no. 9.1.11/2019 dated
06.06.2019) with all pages sequentially numbered as mentioned. All pages of
the application document shall be initialed by applicant. It should also have
an index giving page wise information of above documents and strictly in
sequence. Incomplete application shall be summarily rejected.
E) The NHAI reserves the right to reject any application without assigning any
reasons thereof. After evaluation and the approval of Competent Authority a
panel of 2 Members having 1 no. Sr. Road Safety Auditor and 1 no. Road Safety
Assistant will be formed who will be allotted the work on the basis of the roster
prepared by random sampling for appointment of Sr. Road Safety Auditor &
Road Safety Assistant for BOT (DBFOT) /HAM/ EPC/ OMT/TOT/O&M/Item Rate
projects of NHAI as and when required.
F) Notwithstanding the formation of these panels, the NHAI may go in for separate
empanelment for specific assignments, if it so decides.
G) The applicant shall not be considered for empanelment if the applicant is
debarred/ blacklisted at the time of submission of the application in the NHAI.
The applicant shall submit litigation history/undertaking on non-judicial stamp
paper duly notarized, to the effect that the applicant has not been debarred
or blacklisted by MoRT&H or any of its implementing agencies including NHAI
or any other government agency.
15.3 Test of Responsiveness
Prior to evaluation of Applications, the Authority shall determine whether each
Applicants application is responsive to the requirements of this RFP. An Application
shall be considered responsive only if:
9

--- Page 10 ---
a) it is received by the Application Due Date including any extension thereof;
b) it is accompanied by the application fee receipt;
c) it contains copies of applicant’s CV as extracted from INFRACON portal;
d) CVs extracted from INFRACON portal must be “VERIFIED” on or before date of
submission of Applications.
e) 15 days Road Safety Audit Training Certificate from IIT/NIT/CRRI/NATPAC
(National Transportation Planning and Research Centre, Kerala) for the
applicants applying for each post prior to 12.01.2023 or IAHE;
f) it contains CVs of applicants for “Sr. Road Safety Auditor & Team Leader” and
“Road Safety Assistant” duly signed by the Applicant;
g) it contains the proof of age of personnel are below the age as indicated in
essential qualifications;
h) It contains NOC from their current Employer/Firm for submitting their
application.
i) It contains undertaking from their Employer/Firm that applicant will be available for
conducting Road Safety Assignment whenever assigned by NHAI.
j) All the pages of the Application are signed by the applicant, & serially numbered;
k) it contains all the information (complete in all respects) as requested in this RFP
(in formats same as those specified);
l) it does not contain any condition or qualification; and
m) it is not non-responsive in terms hereof.
16. Evaluation criteria: Only the responsive application shall be evaluated further for
empanelment. The Evaluation criteria for empanelment of applicant shall be as
follows:
(i) Qualification and competence of Applicant:
(A) Sr. Road Safety Auditor-cum-Team Leader
Sl. No Sr. Road Safety Auditor-cum-Team Leader Road Safety Assistant
1. Graduate in Civil Engineering Graduate in Civil
from Recognized University Engineering from
If yes Pass Recognized University
If No Fail If yes Pass
If No Fail
2. 15 days Road Safety Audit 15 days Road Safety Audit
Training Certificate from Training Certificate from
IIT/NIT/CRRI/NATPAC prior to IIT/NIT/CRRI/NATPAC prior
12.01.2023 or IAHE to 12.01.2023 or IAHE
If yes Pass If yes Pass
If No Fail If No Fail
10

--- Page 11 ---
Sl. Sr. Road Safety Auditor-cum- Road Safety Assistant
No Team Leader
3 At least 10years of experience At least 2 years of
(from the month of graduation) in Experience (from the
highway sector in senior month of graduation) in
position associated with highway sector in
preparation of DPR / senior position
Supervision / Construction / associated with
Safety Audit / Work Zone preparation of DPR /
Safety / Traffic Planning of Supervision /
2/4/6/8 lane Construction / Safety
Expressway/National Audit / Work Zone
Highway/State Highway Safety / Traffic
Projects Planning of 2/4/6/8
If yes Pass lane
If No Fail Expressway/National
Highway/State Highway
Projects
If yes Pass
If No Fail
4 Have a minimum of three years Nil
practical experience in Road
Safety Audit at
DPR/Construction/Operation &
Maintenance stage …..Pass
If no such experience of Three
Years ……. Fail
5 Experience in at-least Five Nil
Road Safety Audits.
If at least Five such
project…………..Pass
If no such experience of Five
such projects … .Fail
6 Experience in Three Safety Nil
Audits at design stage
If at least Three such project
…………….Pass
If no such experience of Three
such projects ……..Fail
7. The age as on the bid due date The age as on the bid
of this empanelment shall not due date of this
be more than 70 years. * empanelment shall not
If age < 70 years Pass be more than 35 years.
If age > 70 years Fail If age < 35 years
Pass
If age > 35 years
Fail
11

--- Page 12 ---
2.0 Terms of reference
Empanelment of Independent “Sr. Road Safety Auditor & Team Leader” and “Road Safety
Assistant” for Conducting Safety Audit of National Highways in various stages.
The National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) has mandate for development, maintenance and
management of National Highways entrusted to it and for matters connected therewith or
incidental thereto. It invites application from certified road safety auditors for empanelment as
Independent Senior Road Safety Auditor to conduct Safety Audit during Design, Construction and
Operation stage of National Highways. The empanelment shall be for an initial period of five years
which may be further extended based on the requirement of NHAI, and subject to satisfactory
performance. Final shortlisting for empanelment shall be made based on interaction/interview
of candidates possessing the requisite Qualification and Experience.
2. Essential Qualifications
2.1 Sr. Road Safety Auditor & Team leader
i. Graduate in Civil Engineering from Recognized University.
ii. Minimum 10 years of experience (from the month of graduation) in highway
sector in position associated with preparation of DPR/ Supervision/
Construction/ Safety Audit/ Work Zone Safety / Traffic Planning of 2/4/6/8-
lane Expressway/National Highway/State Highway projects.
iii. 15 days Road Safety Audit Training Certificate from IIT/NIT/CRRI/NATPAC
(National Transportation Planning and Research Centre, Kerala) prior to
12.01.2023 or IAHE.
iv. Have a minimum of three years practical experience in Road Safety Audit at
DPR/Construction/Operation & Maintenance stage.
v. Experience in at-least Five Road Safety Audits. At least Three of the Five Safety
Audits must be at a design stage.
vi. The age shall not be more than 70 years.
2.2 Road Safety Assistant
i. Graduate in Civil Engineering from recognized University.
ii. Minimum professional experience of 2 years (from the month of graduation) in
highway projects associated with preparation of DPR/ Supervision/
Construction/Safety audit/Work zone safety/Traffic Planning of 2/4/6/8 lane
Expressway/National Highway/State highway projects.
iii. 15 days Road Safety Audit Training Certificate from IIT/NIT/CRRI/NATPAC
(National Transportation Planning and Research Centre, Kerala) prior to
12.01.2023 or IAHE;
iv. The age shall not be more than 35 years.
3.0 Submission of Proposal for Empanelment
The applicant shall furnish the following details:
a. For evaluation of CVs of Applicant for this Empanelment, copies of CVs as extracted
from INFRACON website shall be submitted; CVs other than these shall not be
evaluated. CVs extracted from INFRACON portal must be “VERIFIED” on or before
date of submission of application. CVs shall also include all supporting documents.
In absence of supporting documents, the Authority shall evaluate the application to
12

--- Page 13 ---
the best of its interpretation. The decision of the Authority shall be final and binding
in this regard. CVs must be duly signed by personnel.
b. The Applicant shall furnish its relevant experience strictly as per format given at
Annexure I, II & III. The Applicant must supplement the experience claimed by
furnishing the copies of work orders/ experience certificates from client, clearly
indicating the project title, actual service provided by the applicant for the project
claimed to have been executed.
c. The Applicant shall furnish the Curriculum Vitae (CV) as per format given at
Annexure-I. The CVs must be signed by Applicant on each and every page.
Photograph of the Applicant shall be affixed on their respective CV. The contact
address with telephone / mobile number, e-mail ID of the Applicant should also be
furnished. The CVs must indicate the actual service provided by the applicant in
detail.
d. The applicant is also required to furnish duly notarized undertaking regarding
correctness of information, non-debarment/blacklisting etc. on non-judicial stamp
paper as per format given in Annexure-II.
e. It is suggested that the applicant should fill up Annexure-I, vis-à-vis the supporting
details vide Annexure I, II & III and any other information with due care so as to avoid
any ambiguity.
f. In case spaces available in the Annexure I, II & III are limited to accommodate all the
information, separate sheets may be used for the purpose so that relevant
information submitted are adequate, neat and legible.
g. The applications not complying with the above-mentioned stipulations and found to
be deficient in any respect shall be summarily rejected without any intimation.
h. Applicant should note that only authenticated information should be provided in the
prescribed format. If any of the information provided by the applicant is found
incorrect/false, then it may lead to rejection of proposal summarily at any stage
even after empanelment or award of work. Personnel submitting false/incorrect
information or suppressing the information shall be debarred from empanelment of
NHAI for up to 2 (two) years and shall not be eligible to participate in
empaneling/bidding in any project of MoRT&H or any of its implementing agencies
including NHAI.
i. The NHAI reserves the right to reject any or all applications without assigning any
reasons thereof. After evaluation, a panel of applicants will be formed who will be
allotted the work on the basis of the roster prepared by random sampling for
appointment of Independent Safety team for BOT (DBFOT) /HAM/ EPC/
OMT/TOT/O&M/Item Rate projects of NHAI as and when necessary.
j. Notwithstanding the formation of these panels, the NHAI may go in for separate
empanelment for specific assignments, if it so decides.
k. The applicant shall not be considered for empanelment if the applicant is debarred/
blacklisted at the time of submission of the application in the NHAI. The applicant
13

--- Page 14 ---
shall submit litigation history/undertaking on non-judicial stamp paper of Rs 100/-
duly notarized, to the effect that the applicant has not been debarred or blacklisted
by MoRTH or any of its implementing agencies including NHAI or any other
government agency, at Annexure-III.
4.0 Test of Responsiveness
Prior to evaluation of Applications, the Authority shall determine whether each
Application is responsive to the requirements. An Application shall be considered
responsive only if:
n) it is received by the Application Due Date including any extension thereof;
o) it is accompanied by the application fee receipt;
p) it contains copies of applicant’s CV as extracted from INFRACON portal;
q) CVs extracted from INFRACON portal must be “VERIFIED” on or before date of
submission of applications (Copy of print out from INFRACON portal must be
enclosed along with the applications).
r) 15 days Road Safety Audit Training Certificate from IIT/NIT/CRRI/NATPAC
(National Transportation Planning and Research Centre, Kerala) for both Key
personnel prior to 12.01.2023 or IAHE;
s) it contains CVs of applicants for Sr. Road Safety Auditor & Road Safety Assistant
duly signed by the Applicant;
t) it contains the proof of age of personnel are below the age as indicated in
essential qualifications;
u) It contains NOC from their current Employer/Firm for submitting their
application.
v) It contains undertaking from their Employer/Firm that applicant will be available for
conducting Road Safety Assignment whenever assigned by NHAI.
w) All the pages of the Application are signed by the applicant, & serially numbered;
x) it contains all the information (complete in all respects) as requested in this RFP
(in formats same as those specified);
y) it does not contain any condition or qualification; and
z) it is not non-responsive in terms hereof
5. Evaluation criteria: Only the responsive applications shall be evaluated further
for empanelment An Applicant shall pass in all evaluation criteria to be
considered for empanelment as under:
a) Sr. Road Safety Auditor & Team Leader
S. Item Evaluation
No Yes/No
1 General Qualification
a) Educational Qualification& Training
14

--- Page 15 ---
Graduate in Civil Engineering from Recognized University
If yes ------------ Pass
If No -------------- Fail
15 days Road Safety Audit Training Certificate from
IIT/NIT/CRRI/NATPAC prior to 12.01.2023 or IAHE
If yes ------------ Pass
If No -------------- Fail
b) At least 10years of experience (from the month of graduation)
in highway sector in senior position associated with
preparation of DPR / Supervision / Construction / Safety Audit
/ Work Zone Safety / Traffic Planning of 2/4/6/8 lane
Expressway/National Highway/State Highway
Projects/National Highway/State Highway Projects
If yes ------------ Pass
If No -------------- Fail
2 Adequacy for the Project
a) Three Years’ Experience in Road Safety Audit at
DPR/Construction/Operation & Maintenance stage
If at least Three Years’ experience in road safety
audit…..Pass
If no such experience of Three Years ……. Fail
Experience in at-least Five Road Safety Audits.
If at least Five such project…………..Pass
If no such experience of Five such projects … .Fail
Experience in Three Safety Audits at design stage
If at least Three such project …………….Pass
If no such experience of Three such projects ……..Fail
3 The age as on the bid due date of this empanelment shall
not be more than 70 years. *
If age < 70 years --------------- Pass
If age > 70 years --------------- Fail
* It must be noted that the maximum age limit of Sr. Road Safety Auditor-cum-
team Leader on the bid due date of empanelment process as well as on the
date of safety consultancy work/assignment of any contract package is 70
years.
15

--- Page 16 ---
b) Road Safety Assistant
S. Item Evaluation
No Yes/No
1 General Qualification
a) Educational Qualification& Training
Graduate in Civil Engineering from Recognized University
If yes ------------ Pass
If No -------------- Fail
15 days Road Safety Audit Training Certificate from
IIT/NIT/CRRI/NATPAC prior to 12.01.2023 or IAHE
If yes ------------ Pass
If No -------------- Fail
b) At least 2years of Professional Experience (from the month of
graduation) in highway projects associated with preparation of
DPR / Supervision / Construction / Safety Audit / Work Zone
Safety / Traffic Planning of 2/4/6/8 lane Expressway/National
Highway/State Highway Projects
If yes ------------ Pass
If No -------------- Fail
2 The age as on the bid due date of this empanelment shall not
be more than 35 years. *
If age < 35 years ---------------- Pass
If age > 35 years ---------------- Fail
* It must be noted that the maximum age limit of Road Safety Assistant on the
bid due date of empanelment process as well as on the date of safety
consultancy work/assignment of any contract package is 35 years.
Note: Total Professional Experience of CVs shall be considered from the date of first
employment of Applicant up to the date as per Employment Record. However, in case
date of acquiring minimum educational qualification is after the date of first
employment of key personnel, in such cases, total Professional Experience of CVs
shall be considered from the date of acquiring minimum educational qualification.
16

--- Page 17 ---
c) It is mandatory for all key personnel to have completed at least 15 days Road
Safety Audit Training Certificate from IIT/NIT/CRRI/NATPAC (National
Transportation Planning and Research Centre, Kerala) prior to 12.01.2023 or
IAHE. The CV of the proposed Applicant not having completed minimum 15 days
certification course shall not be evaluated.
i. The applicant shall carry out self-responsiveness of their application with due
cross reference to the above-mentioned criteria and submit the same along with
the application.
ii. The applicant shall carry out self-evaluation of their application with due cross
reference to the above-mentioned criteria and submit the same along with the
application
1. Empanelment, Allotment, Report Submission and Performance Appraisal of Applicant
1.1 National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) has mandate for development of National
Highways entrusted to it by Ministry of Road Transport & Highways. As part of this
endeavor, the Authority has taken up development of some of the highway projects
implemented under PPP/HAM/EPC/OMT/TOT/ITEM Rate/InviT, etc.
1.2 The Model Concession Agreements (MCA)/ Contract documents stipulate that the
Concessionaire/Contractor shall develop, implement and administer a surveillance and
safety programme for providing a safe environment on or about the Project Highways
and/or shall comply with the safety requirements set forth in Schedules/ Clauses of the
Concession/Contract Agreement in DPR, Development, Construction and Operation &
Maintenance Phases of the Project.
1.3 The Agreements also envisage that NHAI shall appoint an experienced and qualified Civil
Engineer as a “Safety Auditor” for carrying out safety audit of the Project Highway in
accordance with the safety requirements set forth in Schedules/ Clauses for the aforesaid
Phases of Project.
1.4 NHAI intends to invite independent Sr Road Safety Auditor & Team Leader and Road safety
Assistant for carrying out safety audit of the project highway in accordance with the safety
requirement set forth in IRC/NHAI/MoRT&H guidelines of projects of various modes such
as PPP/HAM/EPC/OMT/TOT/ITEM Rate/InviT etc.
1.5 Safety Auditor shall conduct capacity building/ safety awareness workshop as and when
directed on the locations as specified by NHAI.
1.6 Safety Auditor has to conduct site visit/inspection during audit of any stage of project
i.e., DPR/Construction/O&M. All travelling, lodging & boarding and local conveyance
shall be reimbursed by NHAI as follows:
a. Sr. Road Safety Auditor-cum-Team Leader equivalent to General Manger, NHAI
b. Road Safety Assistant equivalent to Dy. Manager, NHAI
1.7 NHAI will formulate a team of two professionals on roaster basis i.e., “Sr Road Safety
Auditor & Team Leader” and “Road Safety Assistant” for conducting safety audit of any
stage of national highway.
1.8 Sr Road Safety Auditor-cum- Team Leader shall be responsible for conducting safety audit
and submission of reports. Road Safety Assistant shall support and undertake various
activities as directed by Sr Road Safety Auditor-cum- Team Leader.
17

--- Page 18 ---
1.9 PD, PIU to send request for appointment of Safety Audit Team with complete project
details on dedicated email id roster_roadsafety@nhai.org with copy to concerned RO.
1.10 Requests received up to last date of previous months will be considered for appointment
of Safety Audit Team on First come First Basis from the roster of Sr. Road Safety Auditor
& Road Safety Assistant.
1.11 Letter for intent for project allotment on email for safety audit shall be issued by Road
Safety Division, HQ
1.12 Safety Auditors shall confirm their availability within 2 days from date of email by HQ
along with safety audit schedule for undertaking site visit within one weeks.
1.13 Letter to proceed for project safety audit shall be issued on email by Road Safety Division,
HQ with a copy to concerned RO & PD.
1.14 Project Report shall be submitted on Data Lake 3.0 and one hard copy each to PIU and
RO.
1.15 Sr. Road Safety Auditor & Road Safety Assistant will submit their invoice to the concerned
PIU on submission of report.
1.16 PD, PIU to issue completion of assignment within one week on submission of report to
Safety Auditors with a copy to Road Safety Division.
1.17 Next project will be assigned on receipt of completion certificate from PIU.
1.18 It may be noted that the applicant shall be required to ensure timely completion of the
safety audit assignment of the project awarded in an effective manner strictly as per RFP.
The performance appraisal of the applicant shall be carried out by the Road Safety
Division based on the safety audit report submitted and the comments of concerned
Regional Officer and Project Director, NHAI. The applicant shall be liable for cancellation
of empanelment and debarment in the event of default attributable to them for non-
completion /poor performance of their services for a period up to 2 years for undertaking
any assignment from MoRTH, NHAI and NHAIDCL.
2. Methodology to be adopted by Safety Auditor
The “Sr Road Safety Auditor & Team Leader” and “Road Safety Assistant” shall conduct
the safety audits during DPR stage (Feasibility/Preliminary Design stage as well as
at Detailed Design Stage), road design development, project construction
implementation and operation/maintenance periods as per the methodology, check lists
and procedures approved by NHAI. For this purpose, Sr. Road Safety Auditor-cum-Team
Leader, will briefly submit Work Plan and Approach & Methodology for the proposed
assignment, based on IRC: SP:88 and established International Procedure/Practice for
undertaking road safety audit at various project stages such as DPR, development design,
implementation and operation stages. The Road Safety Audit Reports shall be prepared
as per the templates given in IRC: SP:88. The report shall also be uploaded on NHAI
data lake portal or any other electronic media as prescribed by the Authority.
3. During DPR Stage
3.1 Carry out a Road Safety Audit (RSA) adhering to the relevant DPR stage Road Safety
Audit as per latest IRC: SP:88 “Manual for Road Safety Audit” and good industry
practices; and prepare Road Safety Audit Reports. The audit shall take into
consideration all the aspects given in the checklist of latest IRC: SP:88 and other good
international practices.
18

--- Page 19 ---
All reports thereof (the “Safety Reports (DPR Design Stage)/Crash Analysis Report”) shall
be submitted to the Project Director, NHAI, with a copy to the concerned Regional
Officer.
3.2 The Project Director will facilitate to provide accident data recorded in e-DAR/i-RAD
accident module.
3.3 The safety auditor will undertake Analysis of accident data with blackspot identification
as per IRC 131 (Guidelines for identifying and treating blackspots) including mapping of
chainage wise crashes on strip plan of NH. They shall Conduct Road safety Audit of
Existing NH. They shall develop short term Counter measures, Cost Estimate and BOQ
and submit a Crash Analysis cum Mitigation Report.
3.4 Carryout RSA of Draft feasibility report, Draft DPR report & Technical Schedules as per
relevant checklists of IRC: SP:88. The RSA Report for any following Stage should identify
the previously recommended enhancements in the design and their incorporation. The
RSA reports at the following stages should compare the changes that are duly
incorporated in the design in reference to the recommendations from the previous
stages. The RSA Reports at all stages should identify any further potential road safety
gaps during the audit.
3.5 The Project Director shall conduct the Audit Completion Meeting with Road Safety
Auditor, DPR Consultant after each stage of audit with and recorded minutes for
acceptance/compliance by DPR Consultant.
3.6 Safety Audits shall be conducted on Datalake 3.0/ MobileApp. All Safety Audit Reports,
Crash Analysis cum Mitigation Reports and MoM shall also be uploaded on NHAI data lake
portal or any other electronic media as prescribed by the Authority.
4. During Development Period of Construction Stage
4.1 Road Safety Audit – Carry out a Road Safety Audit (RSA) adhering to the relevant RSA
stage as per latest IRC: SP:88 “Manual for Road Safety Audit” and good industry practices;
and prepare Road Safety Audit Report at the design development stage. The audit shall
take into consideration all the aspects given in the checklist of latest IRC: SP:88. The
report thereof, (the “Safety Report (Design Development Stage”/ Crash Analysis Report)
shall be submitted to the Project Director and the Concerned Regional Officer.
4.2 The Project Director shall facilitate 3 calendar years’ accident data from (e-Dar/i-RAD)
or concerned police authorities to the safety Auditor. The safety auditor shall undertake
Analysis of accident data with black spot identification as per IRC 131 (Guidelines for
identifying and treating black spots) including mapping of chainage wise crashes on strip
plan of NH. They shall submit Crash Analysis cum Mitigation Report evolving package of
recommendations, short term measures and long-term measures as per design details
and drawings submitted by Concessionaire/Contractor. The Project Director shall
provide concessionaire/contractor’ design and duly consented drawings by IE/ approved
drawings by AE to the Safety Auditor, one printed color copy and PDF copy containing
the design details that have a bearing on safety of Users (the "Safety Drawings"). Such
design details shall generally include horizontal and vertical alignments; sightlines;
layouts of at- grade/grade separated intersections; interchanges; entry/exit ramps;
19

--- Page 20 ---
road cross-section; bridges and culverts; drains proposal; provision for parked vehicles,
slow moving vehicles (tractors, bullock carts, bicycles) and pedestrians; bus bays; truck
lay-bys; lighting & Night time Proposals, ITS proposals, and other incidental or
consequential information.
4.3 The Safety Auditor shall conduct design stage safety audit of design proposals/drawings
and submit Design Development Safety Report evolving a package of recommendations
consisting of safety related measures for the Project.
4.4 The Concessionaire shall endeavor to incorporate the recommendations of the Safety
Report and long-term mitigation measures in the design of the Project, as may
reasonably be required in accordance with Applicable Laws, Applicable Permits, Manuals
and Guidelines of the Authority, Specifications and Standards, and Good Industry
Practice. If the Concessionaire does not agree with any or all of such recommendations,
it shall state the reasons thereof and convey them to the Authority forthwith. In the
event that any or all of the works and services recommended in the Design Development
Safety Report and long-term mitigation measures fall beyond the scope of Schedule-B,
Schedule-C or Schedule-D, the Concessionaire/Contractor shall make a report thereon
and submit to IE/AE for further directions from the Authority for funding such works as
per Concession/ Contract agreement.
4.5 The RSA Report for any following Stage should identify the previously recommended
enhancements in the design and their incorporation. The RSA reports at the following
stages should compare the changes that are duly incorporated in the design in reference
to the recommendations from the previous stages. The RSA Reports at all stages should
identify any further potential road safety gaps during the audit.
4.6 The Road Safety Audit Report for development stage shall contain audit of proposed
detailed design of the project highway including the audit of the Traffic Management
Plan included in the design report (during the development stage audit) for the project
road identifying enhancement that may be required.
4.7 The Project Director shall conduct the Audit Completion Meeting with Road Safety Auditor,
Concessionaire/Contractor, IE/AE after each stage of audit and record minutes for
acceptance/compliance by Concessionaire/Contractor.
4.8 Safety Audits shall be conducted on Date Lake 3.0/ MobileApp. All Safety Audit Reports,
Crash Analysis cum Mitigation Reports and MoM shall also be uploaded on NHAI data lake
portal or any other electronic media as prescribed by the Authority.
5. During Construction Stage
The audit during the construction stage shall be carried out in reference to the provisions
made in IRC: SP:55 (Guidelines on Traffic Management in Work Zones) and following the
latest IRC manual for road safety audit, i.e. IRC: SP:88 or any modifications thereof.
The safety audit shall be conducted of brown field project sections, bypasses under
construction and the existing roads (bypassed).
5.1 Review the Construction Staging Plan prepared by the concessionaire in support of
project implementation at stages. Examine the Traffic Management Plan (TMP)/ Traffic
Control Plan (TCP) prepared and submitted by the Concessionaire/Contractor befitting
to the Construction Staging Plans, and identify any gaps or opportunity for improvement
20

--- Page 21 ---
prior to approval of the TMP/ TCP by relevant authority and accordingly prepare an
Construction stage safety audit report for TMP/TCP as per the latest IRC: SP:88 (Manual
for Road Safety Audit).
5.2 The Project Director shall facilitate to provide accident data from (e-Dar/i-RAD) or
concerned police authorities to the Sr Road Safety Auditor & Team Leader and Road
Safety Assistant. The Sr Road Safety Auditor & Team Leader and Road Safety Assistant
shall undertake Analysis of accident data at every four months. The accident analysis
shall be carried out for the last 3 years with black spot identification as per IRC 131
(Guidelines for identifying and treating black spots) including mapping of chainage wise
crashes on strip plan of NH. They shall submit Crash Analysis cum Mitigation Report
within 15 days of site visit evolving package of recommendations, short term/long term
measures as required.
Carryout a Construction Stage Road Safety Audit based on latest IRC: SP:88 to ensure
correct implementation of the TMP and recommend any interim enhancement that may
be required. Inspect the project highway keeping into consideration the construction
staging plan for the project as prepared by the Concessionaire and identify the
safety concerns/implications of the construction planning including TMP/TCP and
recommend enhancement, as required. This shall be including the additional
requirements at locations identified as accident-prone locations during “development
period” based on the accident data analysis as well as the identified blackspots.
5.3 The Project Director shall conduct the Audit Completion Meeting with Road Safety
Auditor, Concessionaire/Contractor, IE/AE after each stage of audit with and recorded
minutes for acceptance/compliance by RO/Concessionaire/Contractor.
5.4 Safety Auditor shall submit the Road Safety Audit Report (Construction Stage), Road Safety
Audit Report (Preopening/Completion), Crash Analysis cum Mitigation Report and Safety
Audit Compliance Report (Construction Stage) to the Project Director with a copy to
Regional Officer, within 15 (fifteen) days of audit as per the template given in IRC SP
88.
5.5 Safety Auditor shall also carryout Safety Audit of field compliance of Development Stage
Safety Audit Report and previous submitted Road Safety Audit Report (Construction
Stage) during subsequent Construction Stage Safety Audit. Safety Auditor shall prepare
and submit Safety Audit Compliance Report (Construction Stage), the detailed status of
compliance of audit recommendations of the development stage and any previous audit
of construction stage. The scope for each of such inspection/audit shall include but not
be limited to identifying any gaps in provision of safety features, as per the
recommendations of audit at development stage and previous construction stage safety
audits.
5.6 At the stage of physical progress of 95-100% of construction (as will be suggested by
Regional Officer/Project Director), the Safety Auditor shall conduct a Pre-
Opening/Completion Stage Audit following the template given in IRC: SP:88. The Safety
Auditor has to conduct once audit compliance field visit also as directed by the NHAI on
submission of Pre-Opening/Completion audit compliance report by Independent
Engineer/Authority Engineer/Concessionaire/Contractor to Project Director.
5.7 The construction stage audit shall also include the specific requirements laid out
in Attachment A of the TOR.
21

--- Page 22 ---
5.9 All Safety Audits shall be conducted by Date Lake 3.0/NHAIONE Mobile App. All Road Safety
Audit Report (Construction Stage), Preopening/Completion Audit Report, Crash Analysis
cum Mitigation Report, Safety Audit Compliance Reports and MoM shall also be uploaded
on NHAI data lake portal or any other electronic media as prescribed by the Authority.
6 Maintenance and Operation Period
The audit during the maintenance and operation stage shall be carried out as per the
latest IRC manual for road safety audit, i.e., IRC: SP:88 or any modifications thereof.
The safety audit shall also be conducted of development and the construction stage as
required during maintenance and operation stage as per IRC: SP:55 (Guidelines on Traffic
Management in Work Zones).
The Safety Auditor shall carryout the Existing Road/Operation Stage Audit and
Investigation of Accident-Prone Locations, which will involve the following activities,
but not limited to:
6.1 The Project Director shall facilitate to provide accident data either from (e-Dar/i-RAD)
or from concerned police authorities, to the safety auditor. The accident analysis shall
be carried out for the last 3 years with black spot identification as per IRC 131
(Guidelines for identifying and treating black spots) including mapping of chainage wise
crashes on strip plan of NH. They shall submit Crash Analysis cum Mitigation Report
within 15 days of site visit evolving package of recommendations, short term/long term
measures as required.
6.2 Develop/Identify potential mitigation measures in order to curb the frequency and severity
of collision. Specify short/long term remedial measures for improvement of notified
blackspot.
6.3 Submit cost estimate of short-term mitigation measures only.
6.4 The Safety Auditor shall submit Road Safety Audit report (Operation & Maintenance
Stage), Crash Analysis cum Mitigation Report, to the Project Director and, a copy to the
concerned Regional Officer.
6.5 T he Safety auditor address the comments, if any during the Audit Completion Meeting
with recorded minutes for acceptance/compliance by NHAI / Independent/ Authority
Engineer/ Concessionaire/ Contractor.
6.6 All Safety Audits shall be conducted on Datalake 3.0/ MobileApp. All Safety Audit Reports,
Crash Analysis cum Mitigation Reports, Safety Audit Compliance Reports and MoM shall
also be uploaded on NHAI data lake portal or any other electronic media as prescribed
by the Authority.
22

--- Page 23 ---
7. Deliverable submission period: Within 15 days on completion of Road Safety Audit visit.
8. Deliverables and Payment Schedule
Fee Payable Schedule for Project Total Consultancy
Length < 25 km Consultancy Fees for
S. Report
Fees for Project
No Sr. Road Road Safety Secretarial Project Length
Safety Assistant Assistance Length < 25
greater
Auditor- for report km
than 25 km
cum-Team preparation
Leader payable to
Sr. Road
Safety
Auditor-
cum-Team
Leader
1 Submission of Crash 4 days 4 days Rs 10,000 Rs 1,30,000 Safety
Analysis and Road (includes (includes per report team input
Safety Inspection travel time, travel time, will
Report including, site visit & site visit & increase in
report report days as
i. Analysis of
preparation) preparation) required on
accident data
@ Rs 25,000 @ Rs 5,000 pro rata
with blackspot
per day per day basis and
identification
fee payable
including
will be
mapping of
calculated
chainage wise
as follows:
crashes on strip
Rs 1,30,000
plan of NH.
+ (130000 x
ii. Development of length
Short-Term/ more than
Long Term 25 km)/ 25
mitigation
measures
iii. Cost Estimate
and BOQ of
Short-term
measures
2 Carryout Road Safety 4 days 4 days Rs 10,000 Rs 1,30,000 Safety
Audit of DPR and (includes (includes per report team input
furnish the Safety Audit travel time, travel time, will
Report site visit & site visit & increase in
23

--- Page 24 ---
3 Carryout Road Safety report report days as
Audit during preparation) preparation) required on
construction stage and @ Rs 25,000 @ Rs 5,000 pro rata
furnish the Safety Audit
p er day p er day
basis and
Report fee payable
will be
4 Carryout Road Safety
calculated
Audit during Operation
as follows:
& Maintenance stage
Rs 1,30,000
and furnish the Safety
+ (130000 x
Audit Report
length
more than
25 km)/ 25
5 Conducting Safety 2 days @ Rs 2 days @ Rs 10,000 Rs 70,000 Rs 70,000
workshop 25,000 per 5,000 per per report
day day
i. All travelling, lodging & boarding and local conveyance shall be reimbursed by NHAI on
submission of proof of expenses as follows:
a) Sr. Road Safety Auditor-cum-Team Leader equivalent to General Manger, NHAI
b) Road Safety Assistant equivalent to Dy. Manager, NHAI
ii. Sr. Road Safety Auditor-cum-Team Leader and Road Safety Assistant shall raise their
invoices independently (invoice of Road Safety Assistant is duly verified by Team Leader) to
the concerned PD, PIU on submission of report.
iii. Fee payable shall be excluding GST. GST will be paid as appliable on submission of proof of
GST deposition with concerned authorities.
iv. Payments shall be made by PIU in Indian Rupees, no later than 45 days on submission of
invoices Including submission of deliverables/report.
24

--- Page 25 ---
Appendix A
WORK ZONE SAFETY AUDIT
Review Contractual Provisions and Establish Work zone Safety Audit Procedure
Review and understand various safety provisions as provided in the contract documents of the
particular projects. This should include an appreciation and understanding of the safety
provisions as given in various acts, rules and regulations of GoI/State Government where project
is situated including MoRTH/Indian Roads Congress (IRC) specifications/codes; safety
instructions issued by NHAI from time to time; and safety provisions under the EMP(s) for the
project.
(i) Review the existing systems being followed/adopted by the Concessionaire and IEs in
planning, execution, documentations and reporting through collection and assessment
of primary and secondary data/information.
(ii) Identify the major hazards and risks associated with various roads construction activities
and establish a work zone safety audit procedure, satisfactory to NHAI.
Task B: Conduct detailed Work Zone Safety Audit and Recommend Remedial Actions
(i) Carry out a detailed assessment of worksite* safety conditions through site visits in line
with the identified risks and hazards associated with various road construction activities.
This review and assessment must include, but may not be limited, to the following
aspects pertaining to:
(a) Traffic Management Plan: The Safety Audit Team will review the relevance, adequacy
and implementation of the Traffic Management Plan(s) prepared by the Contractors. The
procedures followed by the Independent Engineer (IE) / Authority Engineer (AE) with
regard to the approval and ensuring compliance on ground also need to be reviewed.
(b) Traffic Safety Measures: The review should assess the adequacy and quality of various
safety measures such as signage, delineation, barricading and lighting in the
construction zones in line with the provisions covered in the contract agreement and
latest IRC guidelines and other good international practices. The assessment should
include various safety aspects/issues pertaining to night time safety measures and safety
at/near excavations, structure construction sites, diversions and settlement areas apart
from assessing maintenance of existing road surface and riding quality at
diversions/detours.
(c) Worker’s Safety: Based on contractual provisions and applicable legal provisions, the
review should cover aspects pertaining to provisions and use of Personal Protective
Equipment such as helmets, masks, safety harness/belts, boots, gloves, eye and hearing
protection devices. The assessment should also include review of safety provisions
during operations such as loading and unloading of materials; bar bending and cutting;
gas cutting/welding, pile driving, excavation work; working near equipment/machinery;
working at heights (including aspects pertaining to ladder, scaffolding, working
platform, railing safety); safety during concrete works (including reinforcement
erection, formwork and concrete pouring/pumping); drilling and blasting; safety during
placement of traffic control devices; tree cutting etc. The compliance with regard to
25

--- Page 26 ---
occupational health and safety precautions in relation to hazards associated with dust,
toxic fumes, noise, vibration and biological factors (snake and insect bites) should also
be assessed.
(d) Safety during construction of structures including design and suitability of temporary
structural arrangements, structures construction methodologies, etc. Adequacy of
the process of review and approval of the Concessionaire proposals with respect to
structures construction methodology (ies) including design of temporary structures and
erection arrangements by the IE/AE also to be reviewed.
(e) Fire Safety Practices: The assessment should include (a) the risks and hazards
associated with storage, transportation, handling and use of various inflammable
materials/explosives and (b) precautions and preparedness in case of the fire accident/s
at camp/s, plant sites, construction sites and quarries.
(f) Electrical Safety Practices: This should include electrical safety review at plant sites,
camp sites and work sites and near habitations.
(g) Mechanical Safety Practices: The review should include general safety
precautions/practices during plant, machinery, equipment and vehicle operations and
condition of such mechanical devices that are being used for the contract operations.
This will include review of the fitness of various plant and machinery (static and mobile),
practices with respect to periodic maintenance and licensing/certification of fitness of
equipment, as well as suitability of machinery operators including practices with respect
to adherence to license /certification/ formal training of operators.
(h) Dust Control and Suppression Arrangements.
(i) Storage, transportation, handling and use of various toxic and hazardous materials
(including spill management) used in road construction.
(j) Safety of road-side residents and passers-by.
(k) First aid: The review should include the provision of the first aid arrangements (including
life-saving equipment), availability of qualified staff and health checks-up of workers
(such as those for drivers/operators), as specified under the regulatory framework.
(l) Emergency Response Arrangements: The review should include an assessment with
regards to planning, procedures/processes, warning systems and record keeping.
(m) Accident records: The review should look at whether accident records are being
maintained by the Concessionaires/Contractors and shared with the NHAI on a regular
basis.
(n) Housekeeping (including circulation pattern, storage of materials and disposal of
hazardous wastes).
Any other
26

--- Page 27 ---
Annexure-I
CURRICULUM VITAE (CV) OF KEY PERSONNEL
1. Proposed Position: ______________
2. Name of Applicant ______________ Recent Photograph
3. Infracon ID:
4. Date of Birth: (please enclose matriculation certificate
as proof)
5. Nationality:
6. Correspondence Address:
7. Email ID and Mobile Number:
8. Educational Qualification:
Sr.no Examination Board/University Year of Percentage
Passed Passing Marks/Score
1 10th
2 12th
3 Graduation
4 Any Other
Additional
Qualification
Note- Applicant may add additional information, if required, in above format on
separate sheet.
9. Work experience details
Sr.No. Name of Type of Project Position Held Name of Duration/Y
Project (DPR/Constructi Client/Emp ear
on/O&M) loyer
(PIU/RO/et
c.)
10. Details of Road Safety Auditor course (15 days):
Sr.no Name of Course Duration of Course Name of Institute
(Date)
27

--- Page 28 ---
11. Published papers on Road Safety: -
Note: Applicant must enclose Road Safety Auditor certification course certificate
issued by Institute which may be verified by NHAI from its issuer.
UNDERTAKING FROM THE PERSONNEL
I, the undersigned, (Name and Address) undertake that this CV correctly describes
myself, my qualification and my experience and NHAI would be at liberty to debar
me if any information given in the CV, in particular the Summary of Qualification &
Experience vis-à-vis the requirements as per documents found incorrect. I further
undertake that I have neither been debarred by NHAI nor left any assignment with
the consultants engaged by NHAI / contracting firm for any continuing work of
NHAI without completing my assignment. I will be available to undertake the safety
audit assignments. If I leave any assignment in the middle of the Safety Audit work,
NHAI would be at liberty to debar me from taking any assignment in any of the
NHAI works for an appropriate period of time to be decided by NHAI. I have no
objection if my services are extended by NHAI for this work in future.
Signature of the Applicant
Place
Date
Note:
i) Personnel is to affix his recent photograph on 1st page of CV.
ii) Complete Address and Phone/ Mobile Number of the Personnel is to be provided.
iii) Document for proof of age is to be enclosed.
iv) Documents for proof of qualifications shall be as uploaded in INFRACON.
v) Age of personnel shall not be more than as specified.
vii) Each page of the CV shall be signed in blue ink by personnel before submitting.
viii) The NHAI may verify the details mentioned in CV by writing to the Employer
indicated in the CV. The personnel shall be liable for debarment for any incorrect
information.
28

--- Page 29 ---
ANNEXURE: II
Undertaking regarding Correctness of Information, Non-Debarment/ Blacklisting etc.by
the Applicant
(TO BE FURNISHED ON RS. 100/-NON-JUDICIAL STAMP PAPER DULY NOTARISED).
Sub.: Empanelment of Independent “Sr. Road Safety Auditors & Team Leader” and “Road Safety Assistant” -
Undertaking - Reg.
Ref: No.
Dear Sir,
1. I, have examined the empanelment document for the aforesaid work and understood its
contents, hereby submit my Application for empanelment of “Sr. Road Safety Auditors and
Team Leader” and “Road Safety Assistant” for NHAI Projects.
2. The Application is unconditional and unqualified.
3. All information provided in the application, appendices and annexures is true and correct
and all documents accompanying such application are true copies of their respective
originals.
4. I acknowledge the right of the NHAI to reject my application without assigning any reason or
otherwise and hereby waive my right to challenge the same on any account whatsoever.
5. I certify that in the last three years, I have neither failed to perform on any contract,
as evidenced by imposition of a penalty or a judicial pronouncement or arbitration award,
nor had been expelled from any project or contract nor had any contract terminated for
breach on our part.
6. I agree and undertake to abide by all the terms and conditions of the empanelment
document.
Yours faithfully,
Date:
Place:
(Name & Signature)
29

--- Page 30 ---
ANNEXURE: III
Acceptance/ Undertaking by Applicant
Dear Sir,
I, the undersigned, ________________, s/o _______________________, r/o ___________________,
undertake that my CV as provided in Annexure I, correctly describes myself, my qualifications and my
experience. National Highways Authority of India would be at liberty to debar me if any information given
in the CV, in particular the Summary of Qualification & Experience vis-à-vis the requirements as per TOR is
found incorrect.
I further undertake that I have neither been debarred by MoRTH or any of its implementing agencies including
NHAI nor left any assignment with the consultants engaged by National Highways Authority of India / MoRT&H
for any continuing work of National Highways Authority of India / MoRT&H without completing assignment.
I will be available for “Services of Road Safety Audit” as “Sr. Road Safety Auditor & Team Leader” and “Road
Safety Assistant”.
(Signature)
Date: __________
30

--- Page 31 ---
Annexure-IV
No. Date:
Letter Of Award (LOA)
To
Name, Address
Sub: Road Safety Audit work for …………………(Project Name). -Acceptance for appointment as “Sr. Road Safety Auditor & Team Leader” and
“Road Safety Assistant”.
Sir / Madam,
This is to notify you that you as Sr. Road Safety Auditor & Team Leader/ Road Safety Assistant have been appointed for execution of
Road safety audit of the subject project as per the roster prepared by NHAI, on the schedule rate as mentioned in RFP for your empanelment, for
conducting road safety audit for the aforesaid project.
2. You are requested to submit duly signed acceptance letter as per Annexure-III within the 3 days period from the issue of this LOA.
3. It is intimated that roster mechanism is envisaged to award project wise safety audit.
This issues with the approval of the Competent Authority.
(______________)
GM (Tech.),
Road Safety Division
Copy to: -
1. The CGM (Tech), Road Safety Division, NHAI HQ
2. Concern Regional Officer, NHAI
3. Concern Project Director, NHAI
31

--- Page 32 ---
Annexure-V
Acceptance Letter
Sub: Road Safety Audit work for …………………(Project Name). -Acceptance for appointment as “Sr.
Road Safety Auditor & Team Leader” and “Road Safety Assistant”.
Dear Sir,
With reference to your letter dated *****, I having examined the document and understood its
contents, hereby submit my acceptance for appointment as “Sr. Road Safety Auditor & Team Leader” and
“Road Safety Assistant” for aforesaid Project.
1 All information provided in the, Appendices and Annexure are true and correct and all documents
accompanying such Application are true copies of their respective originals.
2 I acknowledge the right of the Authority to reject our acceptance without assigning any reason or
otherwise and hereby waive our right to challenge the same on any account whatsoever.
3 I certify that in the last three years, I have neither failed to perform on any contract, as evidenced
by imposition of a penalty or a judicial pronouncement or arbitration award, nor been expelled from any
project or contract nor have had any contract terminated for breach on my part.
5. I agree and undertake to abide by all the terms and conditions of the RFP of empanelment. In witness
thereof, I submit this acceptance under and in accordance with the terms of RFP of empanelment.
6. I undertake that in executing the above contract, I will strictly observe the laws against fraud and
corruption in force in India namely “Prevention of Corruption Act 1988”and amended from time to time.
Yours faithfully,
Date:
Place:
(Signature)
(Name)
32

--- Page 33 ---
Annexure-VI
File No Dated:
Letter To Proceed
[Name of selected empaneled “Sr Road safety auditor & Team Leader” and “Road Safety Assistant”]
Address:
Sub: [project description]- Letter to Proceed - reg.
Ref.: (i) NHAI/RSA/ROSTER/APPOINTMENT/2026/-- - E -office dated………..
(ii) LOA dated -----------.
(iii) Your acceptance letter dated……………
Sir/Madam,
Consequent upon Letter of Award issued by this office and your acceptance letter under reference,
you are hereby notified to commence the services of Road Safety Audit within 7 days from issue of this letter
with intimation to the concerned RO/PD.
The safety audit report along with all enclosures such as drawings, BOQ etc. shall be uploaded on
NHAI Data Lake and one printed copy shall be submitted to the concerned PD.
It may be noted that the applicant shall be required to ensure timely completion of the safety audit
assignment of the project awarded in an effective manner strictly as per RFP. The performance appraisal of
the applicant shall be carried out by the Road Safety Division based on the safety audit report submitted
and the comments of concerned Regional Officer and Project Director, NHAI. The applicant shall be liable
for cancellation of empanelment and debarment in the event of default attributable to them for non-
completion /poor performance of their services for a period up to 2 years for undertaking any assignment
from MoRTH, NHAI and NHAIDCL
GM(T)
Road Safety Division
Copy to:
(i) CGM (T), Road Safety Cell, NHAI – HQ
(ii) Concerned PD-NHAI
(iii) Concern RO-NHAI
33
================================================================================
DOCUMENT: Corrigendum--I.pdf  (9 pages)
================================================================================

--- Page 1 ---
NHAI/RSD/Empanelment/ (E- 304032) 27.03.2026
Corrigendum-1
Sub.: Empanelment of Independent “Sr. Road Safety Auditor & Team Leader” and “Road
Safety Assistant” - Corrigendum-I reg.
The following amendments have been issued in the RFP for the Notice for
Empanelment of Independent “Sr. Road Safety Auditor & Team Leader” and “Road Safety
Assistant” uploaded on NHAI website on 09.03.2026.
Sr. no. Refer In place of Read As
1 Notice for Empanelment Interested “Sr. Road Safety Auditor & Interested applicant for Empanelment
at page No. 3: Team Leader” and “Road Safety as “Sr. Road Safety Auditor & Team
Para 1, line 2 Assistant” for Empanelment as Sr. Road Leader” and “Road Safety Assistant”.
Safety Auditor & Road Safety Assistant.
2 Notice for Empanelment Sr. Road Safety Auditor & Team Leader “Sr. Road Safety Auditor & Team
at page No. 3: and Road Safety Assistant” Leader” and “Road Safety Assistant”
Para 3, line 9 & 10
3 Notice for Empanelment The online payment receipt shall be The copy of online payment receipt
at Page No. 3: submitted along with the submission of mentioning reference number/UTR
Para 3, line 10 & 11 application form. number shall be submitted along with
the application form.
4 Notice for Empanelment Applications submitted physically shall Deleted
at Page No. 3: not be considered.
Para 6, line 10
5 Notice for Empanelment, Applicant shall submit NOC from their Applicant shall submit NOC from
at Page No. 4: current Employer/Firm for submitting his/her current Employer/Firm for
Para 9 their application. submitting his/her application.
6 Notice for Empanelment, Applicant shall also give undertaking Applicant shall also give undertaking
at Page No. 4: from their Employer/Firm that from his/her Employer/Firm that
Para 10 applicant will applicant will
be available for conducting Road Safety be available for conducting Road
Assignment whenever assigned by Safety Audit Assignment, whenever
NHAI. assigned by NHAI.
7 Notice for Empanelment, Date of 11.03.2026 Date of 11.03.2026
submission Schedule at invitation of (Proposed) invitation of
Page No. 4: Application Application
Para 11 Deadline for 07.04.2026 Deadline for 07.04.2026 up
submission of (Proposed) submission of to 18:00 Hrs
Application Application
(Due date and (Due date and
Time) Time)
8 General Information at Sr. Road Safety Auditor & Road Safety “Sr. Road Safety Auditor & Team
Page No. 5: Assistant Leader” and “Road Safety Assistant”
Para 1, line 7
9 General Information at Personnel applicant
Page No. 5:
Para 4, line 1
10 General Information at The personnel shall apply as an The applicant shall apply as an
Page No. 5: individual as a Sr. Road Safety Auditor individual as a “Sr. Road Safety
Para 3, line 1 or Road Safety Auditor & Team Leader” or as a “Road
Assistant. Safety Assistant”.
11 General Information at Personnel applicant
Page No. 5:
Para 5, line 3
12 General Information at of Personnel applicant
Page No. 6:
Para 7, 8, 9 & 10,
line 1
1

--- Page 2 ---
Sr.no. Refer In place of Read As
13 General Information at of firm applicant
Page No. 6:
Para 10(c), line 2
14 General Information at Will have the right to include a provision Deleted
Page No. 6: Para10(d), requiring consultants to permit the
line 1 NHAI to inspect their accounts and
records relating to the performance of
the contract and to have them audited
by authorized representatives of NHAI.
15 General Information at / e-tender portal, Deleted
Page No. 7:
Para 12, line 4
16 General Information at included attached
Page No. 7:
Para 14 (c), line 4
17 General Information at online only on e-tender portal by post/ Courier/ By Hand on or before
Page No. 9: https://etenders.gov.in (as per NHAI scheduled date of submission and
Para 15.2 (D) line 1 circular no. 9.1.11/2019 dated extension thereof
06.06.2019).
18 General Information at 1 no. Sr Road Safety Auditor and 1 no. 1 no. “Sr Road Safety Auditor & Team
Page No. 9: Road Safety Assistant Leader” and 1 no. “Road Safety
Para 15.2 (E) line 3 & 5 Assistant”.
19 General Information at It is received by the Application Due It is received on or before the Due Date
Page No. 10: Date including any extension thereof; of submission of application including
Para 15.3 (a), line 1 any extension thereof;
20 General Information at it is accompanied by the application fee The copy of online payment receipt
Page No. 10: receipt; mentioning reference number/UTR
Para 15.3 (b), line 1 number shall be submitted along with
the application form.
21 General Information at 15 days Road Safety Audit Training 15 days Road Safety Audit Training
Page No. 10: Certificate from IIT/NIT/CRRI/NATPAC Certificate from IIT/NIT/CRRI/NATPAC
Para 15.3 (e), line 1 (National Transportation Planning and (National Transportation Planning and
Research Centre, Kerala) for the Research Centre, Kerala) prior to
applicants applying for each post prior 12.01.2023 or IAHE.
to 12.01.2023 or IAHE; Further, Road Safety and Safety Audit
certification course from 18.11.2024 to
03.12.2024 conducted by CSIR-CRRI
and certificate issued by them shall be
recognized for NHs works.
22 General Information at Personnel applicant
Page No. 10:
Para 15.3 (g), line 1
23 General Information at It contains NOC from their current It contains NOC from his/her current
Page No. 10: Employer/Firm for submitting their Employer/Firm for submitting his/her
Para 15.3 (h), line 1 application. application.
24 General Information at It contains undertaking from their It contains undertaking from their
Page No. 10: Employer/Firm that applicant will be Employer/Firm that applicant will be
Para 15.3 (i), line 1 available for conducting Road Safety available for
Assignment whenever assigned by conducting Road Safety Audit
NHAI. Assignment, whenever assigned by
NHAI.
25 General Information page 15 days Road Safety Audit 15 days Road Safety Audit Training
no 10 & 11: para 16, Training Certificate from Certificate from IIT/NIT/CRRI/NATPAC
Evolution criteria (i) IIT/NIT/CRRI/NATPAC prior to (National Transportation Planning and
Qualification and 12.01.2023 or IAHE Research Centre, Kerala) prior to
competence of applicant If yes Pass 12.01.2023 or IAHE. Further, Road
If No Fail Safety and Safety Audit certification
(A) “Sr. Road Safety
course from 18.11.2024 to 03.12.2024
Auditor-cum-Team
conducted by CSIR-CRRI and certificate
Leader” and “Road Safety
issued by them shall be recognized for
Assistant” Sl no. 2,
NHs works.
If yes Pass
If No Fail
2

--- Page 3 ---
Sr.no. Refer In place of Read As
26 Term of reference at Page Final shortlisting for empanelment shall Final shortlisting for empanelment
No 12: line 9 be made based on may be made based on
interaction/interview of candidates interaction/interview of candidates
possessing the requisite Qualification possessing the requisite Qualification
and Experience. and Experience.
27 Term of reference at Page 15 days Road Safety Audit Training 15 days Road Safety Audit Training
No 12: Certificate from IIT/NIT/CRRI/NATPAC Certificate from IIT/NIT/CRRI/NATPAC
Para 2.1 (iii) & 2.2 (National Transportation Planning and (National Transportation Planning and
Research Centre, Kerala) prior to Research Centre, Kerala) prior to
12.01.2023 or IAHE; 12.01.2023 or IAHE. Further, Road
Safety and Safety Audit certification
course from 18.11.2024 to 03.12.2024
conducted by CSIR-CRRI and certificate
issued by them shall be recognized for
NHs works.
28 Submission of Proposal proposal application
for Empanelment, h page
13, line 3
29 Test of Responsiveness at n) it is received by the Application Due a) It is received on or before the Due
Page No. 14: Para 4.0, line Date including any extension thereof; Date of submission of application
4 o) it is accompanied by the application including any extension thereof;
fee receipt; b) The copy of online payment receipt
p) it contains copies of applicant’s CV as mentioning reference number/UTR
extracted from INFRACON portal; number shall be submitted along with
q) CVs extracted from INFRACON portal the application form.
must be “VERIFIED” on or before date c) it contains copies of applicant’s CV as
of submission of applications (Copy of extracted from INFRACON portal;
print out from INFRACON portal must d) CVs extracted from INFRACON
be enclosed along with the portal must be “VERIFIED” on or before
applications). date of submission of application (Copy
r) 15 days Road Safety Audit Training of print out from INFRACON portal
Certificate from IIT/NIT/CRRI/NATPAC must be enclosed along with the
(National Transportation Planning and application).
Research Centre, Kerala) for both Key e) 15 days Road Safety Audit Training
personnel prior to 12.01.2023 or IAHE; Certificate from IIT/NIT/CRRI/NATPAC
s) it contains CVs of applicants for Sr. (National Transportation Planning and
Road Safety Auditor & Road Safety Research Centre, Kerala) prior to
Assistant duly signed by the Applicant; 12.01.2023 or IAHE. Further, Road
t) it contains the proof of age of Safety and Safety Audit certification
personnel are below the age as course from 18.11.2024 to 03.12.2024
indicated in essential qualifications; conducted by CSIR-CRRI and certificate
u) It contains NOC from their current issued by them shall be recognized for
Employer/Firm for submitting their NHs works.
application. f) it contains CV of applicant for “Sr.
v) It contains undertaking from their Road Safety Auditor & Team Leader”
Employer/Firm that applicant will be and “Road Safety Assistant”. duly
available for conducting Road Safety signed by the Applicant;
Assignment whenever assigned by g) it contains the proof of age of
NHAI. applicant are below the age as
w) All the pages of the Application are indicated in essential qualifications;
signed by the applicant, & serially h) It contains NOC from his/her current
numbered; Employer/Firm for submitting his/her
x) it contains all the information application.
(complete in all respects) as requested i) It contains undertaking from his/her
in this RFP (in formats same as those Employer/Firm that applicant will be
specified); available for conducting Road Safety
y) it does not contain any condition or Audit Assignment, whenever assigned
qualification; and by NHAI.
z) it is not non-responsive in terms j) All the pages of the Application are
hereof signed by the applicant & serially
numbered; k) it contains all the
information (complete in all respects)
as requested in this RFP (In formats
same as those specified); l) it does not
contain any condition or qualification;
and m) it is not non-responsive in
terms hereof.
3

--- Page 4 ---
Sr.no. Refer In place of Read As
30 Evaluation Criteria at Table under Serial No 5 a) for Sr. Road Should be Read as per enclosed
Page No. 14 & 15 Safety Auditor & Team Leader Annexure-A.
31 Footnote: Page 15, * It must be noted that the maximum * It must be noted that the maximum
age limit of Sr. Road Safety Auditor- age limit of “Sr. Road Safety Auditor &
cumteam Leader on the bid due date of Team Leader” on the due date of
empanelment process as well as on the submission for empanelment is 70
date of safety consultancy years.
work/assignment of any contract
package is 70 years.
32 Evaluation Criteria at Table under Serial No 5 b) for Road Should be Read as per enclosed
Page No.16 Safety Assistant Annexure-B.
33 Note: Page 16 It must be noted that the maximum age It must be noted that the maximum
limit of Road Safety Assistant on the bid age limit of “Road Safety Assistant” on
due date of empanelment process as the due date of submission for
well as on the date of safety empanelment is 35 years.
consultancy work/assignment of any Note: Total Professional Experience of
contract package is 35 years. CV shall be considered from the date of
Note: Total Professional Experience of first
CVs shall be considered from the date employment of Applicant up to the
of first date as per Employment Record.
employment of Applicant up to the date However, in case date of acquiring
as per Employment Record. However, minimum educational qualification is
in case date of acquiring minimum after the date of first employment of
educational qualification is after the key personnel, in such cases, total
date of first employment of key Professional Experience of CV
personnel, in such cases, total shall be considered from the date of
Professional Experience of CVs acquiring minimum educational
shall be considered from the date of qualification.
acquiring minimum educational
qualification.
34 Evaluation Criteria at It is mandatory for all key personnel to It is mandatory for all applicants to
Page No. 17: have completed at least 15 days Road have completed at least 15 days Road
Para 5 (c) Safety Audit Training Certificate from Safety Audit Training Certificate from
IIT/NIT/CRRI/NATPAC (National IIT/NIT/CRRI/NATPAC (National
Transportation Planning and Research Transportation Planning and Research
Centre, Kerala) prior to 12.01.2023 or Centre, Kerala) prior to 12.01.2023 or
IAHE. The CV of the proposed Applicant IAHE. Further, Road Safety and Safety
not having completed minimum 15 Audit certification course from
days certification course shall not be 18.11.2024 to 03.12.2024 conducted
evaluated. by CSIR-CRRI and certificate issued by
them shall be recognized for NHs
works.
35 Evaluation Criteria at Sr Road Safety Auditor & Team Leader “Sr Road Safety Auditor & Team
Page No. 17: and Road safety Leader” and “Road safety
Para 1.4, line 1 Assistant Assistant”
36 Evaluation Criteria at ii. The applicant shall carry out self- Deleted
Page No. 17: evaluation of their application with due
Para 5 c) ii cross reference to the above-
mentioned criteria and submit the
same along with the application.
37 Evaluation Criteria at Sr. Road Safety Auditor & Road Safety “Sr Road Safety Auditor & Team
Page No. 18: Assistant Leader” and “Road safety
Para 1.15, line 1 Assistant”
38 During DPR Stage at Page Road Safety Auditor “Sr Road Safety Auditor & Team
No. 19: Leader” and “Road safety
Para 3.5, line 1 & 2 Assistant”
39 During DPR Stage at Page Safety Audits shall be conducted on Safety Audit report shall be uploaded
No. 19: Datalake 3.0/ MobileApp. on Datalake 3.0.
Para 3.6, line 1
40 During Development Safety Auditor “Sr Road Safety Auditor & Team
Period of Construction Leader” and “Road safety
Stage page 19: para 4.2, Assistant”
line 2 & 9
4

--- Page 5 ---
Sr.no. Refer In place of Read As
41 Road Safety Audit at Page Road Safety Auditor “Sr Road Safety Auditor & Team
No. 20: Leader” and “Road safety
Para 4.7, line 1 Assistant”
42 Road Safety Audit at Page conducted on Datalake 3.0/ MobileApp. uploaded on Datalake 3.0
No. 20:
Para 4.8, line 1
43 During Construction Safety Auditor “Sr Road Safety Auditor & Team
Stage Page No. 21: Leader” and “Road safety
Para 5.3, 5.4, 5.5 and 5.6, Assistant”
line 2
44 During Construction Attachment A of the TOR Appendix A of the RFP.
Stage Page No. 21:
Para 5.7, line 2
45 Maintenance and Safety Auditor “Sr Road Safety Auditor & Team
Operation Period: Page Leader” and “Road safety
22, Para 6.1, 6.4 & 6.5 Assistant”
46 Maintenance and All Safety Audits shall be conducted on All Safety Audit shall be conducted on
Operation Period: Page Datalake 3.0/ MobileApp Datalake 3.0.
22, Para 6.6, line
47 Annexure-I of RFP Page CURRICULUM VITAE (CV) OF KEY CURRICULUM VITAE (CV) OF
No. 27: PERSONNEL APPLICANT
48 Annexure-I of RFP Page Personnel applicant
No. 28: Note I & v
49 Annexure-I of RFP Page vii) Each page of the CV shall be signed vi) Each page of the CV shall be signed
No. 28: Note, vii & viii in blue ink by personnel before by applicant before submitting the
submitting. application.
viii) The NHAI may verify the details vii) The NHAI may verify the details
mentioned in CV by writing to the mentioned in CV by writing to the
Employer indicated in the CV. The Employer indicated in the CV. The
personnel shall be liable for debarment applicant shall be liable for debarment
for any incorrect for any incorrect information.
information.
50 Annexure-III. Page No. 30: TOR RFP
line 4 & 9 as “Sr. Road Safety Auditor & Team as “Sr. Road Safety Auditor & Team
Leader” and “Road Safety Assistant Leader” and “Road Safety Assistant.
General Manager (Tech.)
Road Safety Division
5

--- Page 6 ---
Annexure-A
Evaluation Criteria at Page No. 14 & 15: Table under Serial No 5 a) for Sr. Road Safety Auditor & Team
Leader should be Read as under:
(A) Sr. Road Safety Auditor & Team Leader
Sl. Sr. Road Safety Auditor & Team Leader Evaluat
No ion
Yes/No
1. Graduate in Civil Engineering from Recognized University
If yes Pass
If No Fail
2. 15 days Road Safety Audit Training Certificate from IIT/NIT/CRRI/NATPAC
(National Transportation Planning and Research Centre, Kerala) prior to
12.01.2023 or IAHE. Further, Road Safety and Safety Audit certification
course from 18.11.2024 to 03.12.2024 conducted by CSIR-CRRI and
certificate issued by them shall be recognized for NHs works.
If yes Pass
If No Fail
3 At least 10years of experience (from the month of graduation) in
highway sector in senior position associated with preparation
of DPR / Supervision / Construction / Safety Audit / Work Zone
Safety / Traffic Planning of 2/4/6/8 lane Expressway/National
Highway/State Highway Projects
If yes Pass
If No Fail
4 Have a minimum of three years practical experience in Road
Safety Audit at DPR/Construction/Operation & Maintenance
stage …..Pass
If no such experience of Three Years ……. Fail
6

--- Page 7 ---
Sl. Sr. Road Safety Auditor-cum-Team Leader
No
5 Experience in at-least Five Road Safety Audits.
If at least Five such project…………..Pass
If no such experience of Five such projects … .Fail
6 Experience in Three Safety Audits at design stage
If at least Three such project …………….Pass
If no such experience of Three such projects ……..Fail
7. The age as on the bid due date of this empanelment shall not
be more than 70 years. *
If age < 70 years Pass
If age > 70 years Fail
* It must be noted that the maximum age limit of “Sr. Road Safety Auditor & Team Leader” on the due date
for submission of empanelment application is 70 years.
7

--- Page 8 ---
Annexure-B
Evaluation Criteria at Page No.16: Table under Serial No 5 b) for Road Safety Assistant should be Read as
Sr. No Road Safety Assistant Evaluation
Yes/No
1 Graduate in Civil Engineering from Recognized
University
If yes Pass
If No Fail
2 15 days Road Safety Audit Training Certificate from IIT/NIT/CRRI/NATPAC
(National Transportation Planning and Research Centre, Kerala) prior to
12.01.2023 or IAHE. Further, Road Safety and Safety Audit certification
course from 18.11.2024 to 03.12.2024 conducted by CSIR-CRRI and
certificate issued by them shall be recognized for NHs works.
If yes Pass
If No Fail
3 At least 2 years of Experience (from the month of graduation) in
highway sector in senior position associated with preparation
of DPR / Supervision / Construction / Safety Audit / Work Zone
Safety / Traffic Planning of 2/4/6/8 lane Expressway/National
Highway/State Highway Projects
If yes Pass
If No Fail
4 The age as on the bid due date of this empanelment
shall not be more than 35 years.
If age < 35 years Pass
If age > 35 years Fail
* It must be noted that the maximum age limit of “Road Safety Assistant” on the due date for submission
of the empanelment application is 35 years.
8

--- Page 9 ---
Annexure-C
Abbreviations
BOQ Bill of Quantities
CV Curriculum Vitae
DPR Detailed Project Report
EPC Engineering Procurement & Construction
GST Goods & Service Tax
HAM Hybrid Annuity Mode
IIT Indian Institute of Technology
IAHE Indian Academy of Highway Engineers
IRC Indian Roads Congress
LOA Letter of Award
MoRT&H Ministry of Road Transport and Highways
NIT National Institute of Technology
NHs National Highways
NHAI National Highways Authority of India
NHIDCL National Highways and Infrastructure Development
Corporation Limited
NOC No Objection Certificate
O&M Operation & Maintenance
OMT Operation Maintenance and Transfer
PD Project Director
PIU Project Implementation Unit
PPP Public Private Partnership
RO Regional Officer
RFP Request for Proposal
Sr Senior
TOR Term Of Reference
TOT Toll Operate and Transfer
TMP Traffic Management Plan
TCP Traffic Control Plan
TOT Toll Operate and Transfer
UTR Unique Transaction Reference
9
================================================================================
DOCUMENT: Corrigendum-2_14.pdf  (1 pages)
================================================================================

--- Page 1 ---
NHAI/RSD/Empanelment/(E- 304032) 06.04.2026
Corrigendum-2
Sub.: Empanelment of Independent “Sr. Road Safety Auditor & Team Leader” and “Road
Safety Assistant” - Corrigendum-2 Reg.
The following amendment has been issued in the RFP for Notice for Empanelment of
Independent “Sr. Road Safety Auditor & Team Leader” and “Road Safety Assistant” uploaded
on NHAI website on dated 09.03.2026 and subsequent Corrigendum -1, which have been
uploaded on 27.03.2026.
Sr. no Refer In place of Read As
1 Notice for Deadline 07.04.2026 Deadline 15.04.2026
Empanelment for up to 18:00 for up to 18:00
submission submission Hrs submission Hrs
Schedule at of of
Page No. 4: Application Application
Para 11 (Due date (Due date
and Time) and Time)
General Manager (Tech.)
Road Safety Division
================================================================================
DOCUMENT: Corrigendum-3_7.pdf  (1 pages)
================================================================================

--- Page 1 ---
NHAI/RSD/Empanelment/(E- 304032) 13.04.2026
Corrigendum-3
Sub.: Empanelment of Independent “Sr. Road Safety Auditor & Team Leader” and “Road
Safety Assistant” - Corrigendum-3 Reg.
The following amendment has been issued in the RFP for Notice for Empanelment of
Independent “Sr. Road Safety Auditor & Team Leader” and “Road Safety Assistant” uploaded
on NHAI website on dated 09.03.2026 subsequent Corrigendum -1, which have been
uploaded on 27.03.2026 and Corrigendum-2 uploaded on 06.04.2026.
Sr. no Refer In place of Read As
1 Notice for Deadline 15.04.2026 Deadline 29.04.2026
Empanelment for up to 18:00 for up to 18:00
submission submission Hrs submission Hrs
Schedule at of of
Page No. 4: Application Application
Para 11 (Due date (Due date
and Time) and Time)
General Manager (Tech.)
Road Safety Division
================================================================================
DOCUMENT: Corrigendum-4_3.pdf  (1 pages)
================================================================================

--- Page 1 ---
NHAI/RSD/Empanelment/(E- 304032) 28.04.2026
Corrigendum-4
Sub.: Empanelment of Independent “Sr. Road Safety Auditor & Team Leader” and “Road
Safety Assistant” - Corrigendum-4 Reg.
The following amendment has been issued in the RFP for Notice for Empanelment of
Independent “Sr. Road Safety Auditor & Team Leader” and “Road Safety Assistant” uploaded
on NHAI website on dated 09.03.2026 subsequent Corrigendum -1, which have been
uploaded on 27.03.2026, Corrigendum-2 uploaded on 06.04.2026 and Corrigendum-3
uploaded on 13.04.2026.
Sr. no Refer In place of Read As
1 Notice for Deadline 29.04.2026 Deadline 07.05.2026
Empanelment for up to 18:00 for up to 18:00
submission submission Hrs submission Hrs
Schedule at of of
Page No. 4: Application Application
Para 11 (Due date (Due date
and Time) and Time)
General Manager (Tech.)
Road Safety Division
================================================================================
DOCUMENT: Corrigendum-5_3.pdf  (10 pages)
================================================================================

--- Page 1 ---
NHAI/RSD/Empanelment/(E- 304032) 04.05.2026
Corrigendum-5
Sub.: Empanelment of Independent “Sr. Road Safety Auditor & Team Leader” and “Road
Safety Assistant” - Corrigendum-5 Reg.
The following amendment has been issued in the RFP for Notice for Empanelment of
Independent “Sr. Road Safety Auditor & Team Leader” and “Road Safety Assistant” uploaded on
NHAI website on dated 09.03.2026. Subsequent Corrigendum -1, which have been uploaded on
27.03.2026, Corrigendum-2 uploaded on 06.04.2026, Corrigendum-3 uploaded on 13.04.2026 and
Corrigendum-4 uploaded on 28.04.2026.
Sr. Refer In place of Read As
no
1 Notice for Deadline for 07.05.2026 up Deadline 13.05.2026 up
Empanelment submission of to 18:00 Hrs for to 18:00 Hrs
submission Application submission of
Schedule at Page (Due date and Application
No. 4: Time) (Due date and
Para 11 Time)
2 Notice for of the project highway in accordance as and when directed by NHAI for any
Empanelment with the safety requirements set forth stretch of the Highway
Para 1 in Schedule – L of the Model Concession
at Page No. 3: Agreement (MCA) of the public private
partnership (PPP)/ Hybrid Annuity
Model (HAM) projects on Design, Build,
Finance, Operate and Transfer (DBFOT)
basis and Schedule – H of the Model
Concession Agreement (MCA) of the
Operation & Maintenance (OMT)/TOT
projects and Clause 10.1 of model EPC
Agreement along with any other
provisions as stipulated in the above-
mentioned agreements.
3 General of the project highway at various stages like as and when directed by NHAI for any
Information, page Detailed Project Report Stage, stretch of the Highway
No 5, para 1 Development/Design Stage, Construction
stage, Pre-opening stage and Operation &
Maintenance stage in accordance with the
safety requirements set forth in Schedule – L
of the Model Concession Agreement (MCA) of
the PPP/HAM projects on Design, Build,
Finance, Operate and Transfer (DBFOT) basis
and Schedule – H of the Model Concession
Agreement (MCA) of the Operation and
Maintenance (OMT)/ TOT projects and
Clause 10.1 of EPC Agreement, O&M
Agreement & Item Rate contracts along with
any other provisions as stipulated in the
relevant agreements as per the roster to be
prepared by NHAI after Empanelment.

--- Page 2 ---
4 General The PPP projects on DBFOT / HAM/ EPC basis Deleted
Information, page basically constitute up-gradation involving
No 5, para 2 construction of 2/4/6-lane highway including
bridges and tunnels; widening and
rehabilitation of bridges and culverts;
construction of high embankment/ elevated
structures/
ROBs/RUBs/VUPs/LVUPs/PUPs/CUPs,
wayside amenities etc. along the existing
highways including provision of realignment
and bypasses. Similarly, OMT projects
constitute operation and maintenance of
2/4/6 – lane highway including bridges and
tunnels. The construction works under such
projects involve use of modern equipment
and construction practices / techniques. As
per the terms and conditions of the
Concession Agreement(s), the
Concessionaires are required to develop,
implement and administer a surveillance and
safety programme for providing a safe
environment on or around the Project
Highway and or comply with the safety
requirements set forth in Schedule – L of
DBFOT/ HAM Agreements and Clause 10.1.5
& 10.1.6 of EPC Agreement and Schedule – H
of OMT/ TOT Agreement in development,
construction, operation &maintenance
phases of a Project. However, the safety
audit work shall be carried out as per
IRC/NHAI/MoRT&H guidelines.
5 General
Only empanelled applicants shall be Only empanelled applicant shall be
Information, page
8, para-14, item h) allotted the work as per the roster allotted the safety audit assignment
prepared by NHAI and pursuant to the or other road safety related works
submission of requisite documents as including visits on the requirement
annexed with the RFP. The payment of basis as per the roster prepared by
services of Safety Audit to be allotted NHAI and pursuant to the submission
will be on the basis of fixed rates. of requisite documents as annexed
(Excluding GST) as per payment with the RFP. The payment of
Schedule given in the RFP. services of Safety Audit/ or other
safety analysis work report allotted
to safety audit team will be made by
the respective PIU on the basis of
fixed rates. (Excluding GST) as per
payment Schedule given in the RFP.
The other road safety works means
critical analysis of high accidents
stretches, road safety study for
specific accident/ black spots, and
any other works explicitly listed in
the Letter of Award. The payment to
carry out the other road safety
works shall be same as mentioned
for conducting Road Safety Audit.
6 General The NHAI reserves the right to reject The NHAI reserves the right to reject
Information, page any application without assigning any any application without assigning
9, para-15.2, item reasons thereof. After evaluation and any reasons thereof. After
E) the approval of Competent Authority a evaluation and the approval of
panel of 2 Members having 1 no. “Sr Competent Authority a panel of two
Road Safety Auditor & Team Leader” Members having one no. “Sr Road
and 1 no. “Road Safety Assistant”. will Safety Auditor & Team Leader” and
be formed who will be allotted the one no. “Road Safety Assistant” will
work on the basis of the roster prepared be formed, who will carry out the
by random sampling for appointment of road safety audit or other road
1 no. “Sr Road Safety Auditor & Team safety related works assignment
Leader” and 1 no. “Road Safety (each visit) for any project stretch
Assistant” for BOT (DBFOT) /HAM/ EPC/ on the basis of the roster prepared

--- Page 3 ---
OMT/TOT/O&M/Item Rate projects of by random sampling for
NHAI as and when required. appointment of one no. “Sr Road
Safety Auditor & Team Leader” and
one no. “Road Safety Assistant” as
and when directed by NHAI. The
Authority reserved the right to
change the panel of two members at
any time.
7 Term of The NHAI reserves the right to reject any or The NHAI reserves the right to reject any
Reference, page all applications without assigning any or all applications without assigning any
13, para i reasons thereof. After evaluation, a panel reasons thereof. After evaluation, a
of applicants will be formed who will be panel of applicants will be formed, who
allotted the work on the basis of the roster will carry out the road safety audit or
prepared by random sampling for other road safety related works
appointment of Independent Safety team for assignment (each visit) for any project
BOT (DBFOT) /HAM/ EPC/ stretch on the basis of the roster
OMT/TOT/O&M/Item Rate projects of NHAI prepared by random sampling for
as and when necessary. Conducting safety audit as below.
 Critical analysis of project
stretches with high
accidents/fatalities on NHs.
 Road Safety Audit/study for
stretches/accidents spots as
directed by the Authority.
 Any other work related to Road
Safety.
8 Term of National Highways Authority of India
National Highways Authority of India (NHAI)
Reference, page (NHAI) has mandate for development of
has mandate for development of National
17, para 1.1 National Highways entrusted to it by
Highways entrusted to it by Ministry of
Ministry of Road Transport & Highways.
Road Transport & Highways. As part of this
The Road Safety Audit or other road
endeavour, the Authority has taken up safety related works shall be carried out
development of some of the highway for the project stretches on requirement
projects implemented under basis as directed by the Authority.
PPP/HAM/EPC/OMT/TOT/ITEM
Rate/InviT, etc.
9 Term of Deleted
The Agreements also envisage that NHAI
Reference, page
shall appoint an experienced and qualified
17, para 1.3
Civil Engineer as a “Safety Auditor” for
carrying out safety audit of the Project
Highway in accordance with the safety
requirements set forth in Schedules/
Clauses for the aforesaid Phases of Project.
10 Term of Road safety audit assignment mentioned
NHAI intends to invite independent “Sr Road
Reference, page at para 3 (i) of Term of Reference.
Safety Auditor & Team Leader” and “Road safety
17, para 1.4
Assistant” for carrying out safety audit of the
project highway in accordance with the
safety requirement set forth in
IRC/NHAI/MoRT&H guidelines of projects
of various modes such as
PPP/HAM/EPC/OMT/TOT/ITEM Rate/InviT
etc.
11 Term of Reference Deleted
The Model Concession Agreements
page 17, para 1.2
(MCA)/ Contract documents stipulate
that the Concessionaire/Contractor
shall develop, implement and
administer a surveillance and safety
programme for providing a safe
environment on or about the Project
Highways and/or shall comply with the

--- Page 4 ---
safety requirements set forth in
Schedules/ Clauses of the
Concession/Contract Agreement in
DPR, Development, Construction and
Operation & Maintenance Phases of
the Project.
12 Term of PD, PIU to send request for appointment of Deleted
Reference, page Safety Audit Team with complete project
18, para 1.9 details on dedicated email id
roster_roadsafety@nhai.org with copy to
concerned RO.
13 Term of Requests received up to last date of previous Deleted
Reference, page months will be considered for appointment
18, para 1.10 of Safety Audit Team on First come First
Basis from the roster of Sr. Road Safety
Auditor & Road Safety Assistant.
14 Term of Letter for intent for project allotment on Letter for intent for each assignment for
Reference, page email for safety audit shall be issued by Road safety audit and other safety related
18, para 1.11 Safety Division, HQ. works shall be issued through email by
Road Safety Division, HQ.
As per the Roster system team members
will be allotted work assignment for any
project stretch. In case, additional visit
to the same project stretch are required
to carry out the work, new team will be
assigned for subsequent visit.
15 Term of Letter to proceed for project safety audit Letter to proceed for safety audit
Reference, page shall be issued on email by Road Safety assignment and other road safety works
18, para 1.13 Division, HQ with a copy to concerned RO & shall be issued through email by Road
PD. Safety Division, HQ with a copy to
concerned RO & PD.
16 Term of Project Report shall be submitted on Data Road Safety Audit Report and Crash
Reference, page Lake 3.0 and one hard copy each to PIU and analysis report shall be submitted on Data
18, para 1.14 RO. Lake portal and one hard copy each to
PD, PIU, RO and Road Safety Division, HQ.
17 Term of Next project will be assigned on receipt of The Road Safety assignment, for a
Reference, page completion certificate from PIU. project stretch including site visit may
18, para 1.17 vary for subsequent assignment/visit as
per the Roster system will be allotted on
receipt of the previous road safety
assignment completion certificate from
concerned PD, PIU.
18 Term of It may be noted that the applicant shall be It may be noted that the applicant shall
Reference, page required to ensure timely completion of the be required to ensure timely completion
18, para 1.18 safety audit assignment of the project of the safety audit assignment as per TOR
awarded in an effective manner strictly as of the project stretch awarded in an
per RFP. The performance appraisal of the effective manner strictly as per RFP. The
applicant shall be carried out by the Road performance appraisal of the applicant
Safety Division based on the safety audit shall be carried out by the Road Safety
report submitted and the comments of Division based on the safety audit and
concerned Regional Officer and Project other road safety related works and other
Director, NHAI. The applicant shall be liable road safety related issues report
for cancellation of empanelment and submitted, including the comments of
debarment in the event of default concerned Regional Officer and Project
attributable to them for non-completion Director, NHAI. The applicant shall be
/poor performance of their services for a liable for cancellation of empanelment
period up to 2 years for undertaking any and debarment in the event of default
assignment from MoRTH, NHAI and NHAIDCL. attributable to him for non-completion
/poor performance of his services for a
period up to 2 years for undertaking any
assignment from MoRTH, NHAI and
NHIDCL.
19 3. During DPR Safety Audit report shall be uploaded on DPR and Crash Analysis cum Mitigation
stage, page 19, Datalake 3.0. All Safety Audit Reports, Reports safety audit shall be conducted
para 3.6 Crash Analysis cum Mitigation Reports and by Data Lake portal /NHAIONE Mobile App

--- Page 5 ---
MoM shall also be uploaded on NHAI data and uploaded on NHAI Data Lake portal or
lake portal or any other electronic media any other electronic media as prescribed
as prescribed by the Authority. by the Authority and deliverables as per
TOR. A hard copy of the report shall be
submitted to PD, RO and Road Safety
Division
20 Page 20, para 4.8
Safety Audits shall be uploaded on Road Safety Audit report shall be
Datalake 3.0. All Safety Audit Reports, uploaded on Datalake portal Crash
Crash Analysis cum Mitigation Reports and Analysis cum Mitigation Reports shall
MoM shall also be uploaded on NHAI data also be uploaded on NHAI data lake
lake portal or any other electronic media portal or any other electronic media as
as prescribed by the Authority. prescribed by the Authority. A hard
copy of the reports shall be submitted
to PD, RO and Road Safety Division
21 Page 22, para 5.9 All Safety Audits shall be conducted by Date Construction stage Safety Audits shall be
Lake 3.0/NHAIONE Mobile App. All Road conducted by Data Lake portal/NHAIONE
Safety Audit Report (Construction Stage), Mobile App and uploaded on NHAI data
Preopening/Completion Audit Report, Crash lake portal or any other electronic media
Analysis cum Mitigation Report, Safety Audit as prescribed by the Authority and
Compliance Reports and MoM shall also be deliverables as per TOR. A hard copy of
uploaded on NHAI data lake portal or any the report shall be submitted to PD, RO
other electronic media as prescribed by the and Road Safety Division, HQ
Authority.
22 Page 22, para 6.4 The Safety Auditor shall submit Road The Safety Audit Team shall submit
Safety Audit report (Operation & Road Safety Audit Report (Operation &
Maintenance Stage), Crash Analysis cum Maintenance Stage), Crash Analysis cum
Mitigation Report, to the Project Director Mitigation Report and deliverables as
and, a copy to the concerned Regional per TOR, to the Project Director. A
Officer. printed copy of the report shall be
submitted to PD, RO and Road Safety
Division, HQ .
23 Page 22, para 6.6 All Safety Audits shall be conducted on All Safety Audits shall be conducted on
Datalake 3.0/ MobileApp. All Safety Audit Datalake portal/ MobileApp. All Safety
Reports, Crash Analysis cum Mitigation Audit Reports, Crash Analysis cum
Reports, Safety Audit Compliance Reports Mitigation Reports, Safety Audit
and MoM shall also be uploaded on NHAI Compliance Reports and other works as
data lake portal or any other electronic per TOR shall also be uploaded on NHAI
media as prescribed by the Authority. data lake portal or any other electronic
media as prescribed by the Authority. A
hard copy of the report shall be
submitted to PD, RO and Road Safety
Division, HQ.
24 Deliverables and Payment Schedule Deliverables and Payment Schedule
Page 23 & 24
Annexure-VII
Deliverables and
Payment
Schedule, para 8
25 Letter Of Annexure-IV ANNEXURE-IV
Award (LOA), No. L e t t e r o f A w ard
Annexure- Date:
IV, page- 31
No.: NHAI/RSD/2026/(e file
No.)/
Letter Of Award (LOA)
Date: ……………
To To,
Name, Address Shri…………………….
Email………………….
Sub: Road Safety Audit work for
Mob/Ph………………
…………………(Project Name). -Acceptance
Subject: Road Safety Audit of NH
for appointment as “Sr. Road Safety Auditor &
Team Leader” and “Road Safety Assistant”.
Project Stretch
………………………..

--- Page 6 ---
Sir / Madam, Ref : RFP for empanelment of
This is to notify you that you as Sr. Road independent “Sr. Road
Safety Auditor & Team Leader/ Road Safety Safety Auditor & Team
Assistant have been appointed for execution of
Leader” and “Road
Road safety audit of the subject project as per the
Safety Assistant” (Due
roster prepared by NHAI, on the schedule rate as
date 07.05.2026).
mentioned in RFP for your empanelment, for
conducting road safety audit for the aforesaid Sir,
project. With reference to the
2. You are requested to submit duly above, the Road Safety
signed acceptance letter as per Annexure-III Audit/other road safety related
within the 3 days period from the issue of this
works of the NHAI project
LOA.
titled……………………………………………
3. It is intimated that roster mechanism is
……………………………………………………
envisaged to award project wise safety audit.
……………… is to be carried out.
This issues with the approval of the 2 The following Road safety
Competent Authority. Assistant will accompany as team
member during the cited
inspection: -
(i) Sh……………………….
Road Safety
Assistant, Mob
(______________)
GM (Tech.), No……………….Email…
Road Safety Division ……………….
3 You are requested to
interact with the team member
Copy to: -
and the Project Director well in
1. The CGM
advance for smooth coordination
(Tech), Road
Safety Division, during the visit. The Road Safety
NHAI HQ Audit Report shall be submitted
2. Concern to PD…………………, PIU…………………,
Regional Officer, RO………………. and Road Safety
NHAI
Division, NHAI-HQ, including
3. Concern Project
uploading the said report on Data
Director, NHAI
Lake portal/App as per the
stipulated terms of reference.
4 The Payment for services
will be made by the PIU after
submission of the Report to PD,
PIU, RO and Road Safety Division,
NHAI-HQ and uploading the Road
Safety Audit report/other Road
Safety related works report on
the Data Lake portal.
5 For project-specific
details, you may contact the PD,
PIU ……………………………
This issues with the approval
of the Competent Authority.
General Manager (Tech.)
Road Safety Division
Copy To:

--- Page 7 ---
i. Sh. …………………………………….
Road Safety Assistant, Mob
No……………,Email……………………
Copy also to:
i. PD,
PIU……………………………
…………… to facilitate
inspection and provide
relevant
documents/records.
ii. Datalake Team – For
necessary action and
facilitate uploading
Road safety Audit
report in Datalake
portal.
26 Letter To Annexure-VI Annexure-VI
Proceed,
Annexure-VI,
File No F i l e N o
page-33
Dated: Dated:
Letter To Proceed Letter To Proceed
[Name of selected empanelled
“Sr Road safety auditor & Team [Name of selected
Leader” and “Road Safety empanelled “Sr Road safety
Assistant”] auditor & Team Leader” and
Address: “Road Safety Assistant”]
Address:
Sub: [project description]- Letter to
Proceed - reg. Sub: [project description]- Letter to
Proceed - reg.
Ref.: (i)
NHAI/RSA/ROSTER/APPOINTMENT/202 Ref.: (i)
6/-- - E -office dated……….. NHAI/RSA/ROSTER/APPOINTMENT/2
026/-- - E -office dated………..
(i) LOA dated -----------.
(ii) Your acceptance (i) LOA dated ---------
letter dated…………… --.
(ii) Your acceptance
Sir/Madam, letter
dated……………
Consequent upon Letter of
Award issued by this office and your Sir/Madam,
acceptance letter under reference, you
Consequent upon Letter of
are hereby notified to commence the
Award issued by this office and your
services of Road Safety Audit within 7
acceptance letter under reference,
days from issue of this letter with
you are hereby notified to commence
intimation to the concerned RO/PD.
the services of Road Safety Audit or

--- Page 8 ---
The safety audit report along other road safety related works
with all enclosures such as drawings, within 7 days from issue of this letter
BOQ etc. shall be uploaded on NHAI with intimation to the concerned
Data Lake and one printed copy shall be RO/PD.
submitted to the concerned PD. The safety audit report or
It may be noted that the other road safety related works along
applicant shall be required to ensure with all enclosures such as drawings,
timely completion of the safety audit BOQ etc. shall be uploaded on NHAI
assignment of the project awarded in an Data Lake portal and one hard copy
effective manner strictly as per RFP. The shall be submitted to the concerned
performance appraisal of the applicant PD, RO and Road Safety Division, HQ.
shall be carried out by the Road Safety It may be noted that the
Division based on the safety audit report applicant shall be required to ensure
submitted and the comments of timely completion of the safety audit
concerned Regional Officer and Project assignment of the allotted project
Director, NHAI. The applicant shall be stretch or other road safety related
liable for cancellation of empanelment works in an effective manner strictly
and debarment in the event of default as per RFP. The performance
attributable to them for non-completion appraisal of the applicant shall be
/poor performance of their services for carried out by the Road Safety
a period up to 2 years for undertaking Division based on the safety audit or
any assignment from MoRTH, NHAI and other road safety related works
NHAIDCL. report submitted, including the
comments of concerned Regional
GM(T) Officer and Project Director, NHAI.
Road Safety Division The applicant shall be liable for
cancellation of empanelment and
Copy to: debarment in the event of default
(i) CGM (T), Road Safety Cell,
attributable to him/her for non-
NHAI – HQ
completion /poor performance of his
(ii) Concerned PD-NHAI
services for a period up to 2 years for
(iii) Concern RO-NHAI
undertaking any assignment from
MoRTH, NHAI and NHIDCL.
GM(T)
Road Safety Division
Copy to:
(i) CGM (T), Road Safety Division,
NHAI – HQ.
(ii) Concerned PD-NHAI
(iii) Concerned RO-NHAI
27 RFP document NHAIDCL NHIDCL
General Manager (Tech.)
Road Safety Division

--- Page 9 ---
Annexure-VII
8. Deliverables and Payment Schedule Page-1
Fee Payable Schedule for Project Total Consultancy
Length < 25 km Consultancy Fees for
S. Report
Fees for Project
Sr. Road Road Safety Secretarial
No Project Length
Safety Assistant Assistance for
Length < 25 greater than
Auditor- report
km 25 km
cum-Team preparation
Leader payable to Sr.
Road Safety
Auditor-cum-
Team Leader
1 Submission of Crash Analysis 4 days 4 days Rs 10,000 per Rs 1,30,000 Safety team
and Road Safety Inspection (includes (includes report input will
Report including, travel time, travel time, increase in
site visit & site visit & days as
i. Analysis of accident
report report required on
data with blackspot
preparation) preparation) pro rata
identification
@ Rs 25,000 @ Rs 5,000 basis as
including mapping
per day per day follows: 4
of chainage wise
days x actual
crashes on strip plan
length in
of NH.
km/ 25 km
ii. Development of and fee
Short-Term/ Long payable will
Term mitigation be
measures calculated as
follows: Rs
iii. Cost Estimate and
1,30,000 x
BOQ of Short-term
actual length
measures
in km / 25
km and
2 Carryout Road Safety Audit
rounded up
of DPR and furnish the
Safety Audit Report
3 Carryout Road Safety Audit
during construction stage
and furnish the Safety Audit
Report
4 Carryout Road Safety Audit
during Operation &
Maintenance stage and
furnish the Safety Audit
Report
5 Conducting Safety workshop 2 days @ Rs 2 days @ Rs 10,000 per Rs 70,000 Rs 70,000
25,000 per 5,000 per report
day day

--- Page 10 ---
Page-2
i. All travelling, lodging & boarding and local conveyance shall be reimbursed by NHAI on
submission of proof of expenses as follows:
a) Sr. Road Safety Auditor-cum-Team Leader equivalent to General Manger, NHAI
b) Road Safety Assistant equivalent to Dy. Manager, NHAI
ii. Sr. Road Safety Auditor-cum-Team Leader and Road Safety Assistant shall raise their
invoices independently (invoice of Road Safety Assistant is duly verified by Team Leader)
to the concerned PD, PIU on submission of report.
iii. Fee payable shall be excluding GST. GST will be paid as appliable on submission of proof
of GST deposition with concerned authorities.
iv. Payments shall be made by PIU in Indian Rupees, no later than 45 days on submission of
invoices Including submission of deliverables/report.